she has a baby back there, and the new Nazis are going to burn the town

the Turkish woman was found dead on the third floor

we're approaching the meeting place where the Youkan will expect you.
i'm not sure what will happen there.
you do not know how to use that gun, right?

Kevin street, [--], now
my plans are changed

why do you sudden change your heart?
what about killing Youkan?

i will deal with him later, now do as what i say

General wolf will disappointed to hear this news.
he personally requested that you kill Youkan.
he believed that you are the man for the job.

i don't care. i don't take any request from anyone.
i'm going to kill Youkan of my own called.
now hurry up and get to the Kevin street.

our arson points are ready to go, sir.
waiting your orders to proceed.

well done, time to celebrate our supriority with the little firepower.

hey,

now,
what are we gonna do with them?

these two insulted our race.
unfortunately, this types do exist among us.
one is a thief, and the brat was tring to save the Turks
they are both [---]
purify them.

it's time to teach them a lesson.

this place is going to be burn anyway, leave them for the flames.

oh, come on, little one, don't cry.
your mom is going to be back very soon.

Ash?
i, i can't believe that you are still alive.
how do you find me?

it's all thanks to Diter, he told me that you live in this building

did you say Diter?
so that's true, you are that Tenma guy, he was talking to me about it the other day.

where is Diter?
didn't he come by?

A, no.

then, where did he go?

hey, have you seen Ash?
this baby is Ash's baby boy.
he needs her, he misses his mom a lot.

it can't be
no ,it's not possible.
i don't believe it.
what about this poor little child?
he is too young to be without a mother.
what am i going to do?
what do i do?

she is the last.

there mustn't be any more victims

i need to see the leaders of the Turkish quarter, now.

so what does everyone think?

set the town on fire? not likely.
we heard the rumors about the right wingers extremists all the time
we can't over-react everytime they threat us.

what's even more suspicious to me is this japanese guy walks in here
and Louis says his life is in danger.

what's the matter with you?
Ash is dead, don't you get it?
she was killed because she was trying to warn all of us about this danger.

i wonder about that.

she is a prostitute like you, right?

you women go off the germans all the time and end up missing, that's not the new.

you may call us Turks look bad.
how do we really know whose kid that is anyway

you all know how hard it is to make a living
you should know better that to act like this.
if you want to live, you get to listen to me.

forget it, do what you want.
you can burn it and go to hell for what i care.

no, wait, just one second
are you suggesting for [----] groups