maybe we should do as the japanese man says, we have nothing to lose.

Mr Danis

are you really listen to some asian we don't know

he may be suspicious, and there certainly  plenty of trusted japnaese people in the world.
General Long, for example

General Long, who is he?

you mean, you don't know about him.

General Long was a great japanese man who saved the turkish neighbor in the percific years ago.

oh

go ahead and get all our man immediately

it looks so deciously.

let'g dig in, should we?

you needn't to be such a hurry, ladies
take your time

we wouldn't want to finish the eating before the entertainment i planned.
so by the time the mean call comes around, the show will reach its [clims--]
in the mean time, let's enjoy the 17th [----]  specially for this night.

the first dish will be the [--]. it's my favorite.
ruf 
and the feast begins

Va la, the first fire, what a wonderful start.

like what i told you, that's still just a appetite

where is the main course.

remember what i said, don't being impatient
if you save your dinner, my show would be something you truly enjoy

tell me where the main course
if that's the appetite, then what you are going to burn for the main course.

we need more fire extinguishers

we need to spread out, the rest of your man, come with me.

it is just as i though, the flames start from the wind.

this whole place could go up, three groups, save the women and children.

my godness, what a lovely surprise
what do we own this hornor.

why you?

don't even try it, or kiss you boss goodbye.

put that dangerous thing away, why don't we enjoy this dinner together?

unfortunately, it seems your appetites are [busy-out]

don't worry, it's just the beginning.

oh

this is your favorite, right?

sorry about that

don't be so contratery, my dear.
you see after all, this is a great celebration in honor of Youhan

listen to me, Youhan doesn't want any of this.

oh, and tell me, how can you be so certain?

i saw it on my own eyes
i follow his messages, i know what he want.
Youhan doesn't care about your plans

so, what exactly did you see?

Youhan, he doesn't want any of this, don't you understand？

all right, ok, relax, calm down, just take it easy.

Ash is dead because of you
i don't want let anybody else died tonight, so where is the main course?
what part of town are you going to set on fire?

damnit, they set the fire on the 

take the injury to the shilter, i will be right there.

Tenma?

do we have any lucky to find Diter?

someone told me they saw a kid who looked like him near the park of Loon 

Diter, my god

hey

shouldn't we go after her and try to bring her back?

no, this is just [--] my dinner planned.
that girl sure see something