i suppose that it must grounds the family

the look she had in her eyes, she is really going to kill me
thank to the good thing
she couldn't relise how [---] i was to give her the actual location of the main course

well, should we bring out the next dish, sir?

no, bring me some underwear first

a?

that's a scary girl, isn't she?

hang on, i will put it out.

Mayday, you're going to be just fine 
everything is ok, all right?

i have got no idea who you are, lady.
but thanks for getting us out of there 

how did two of you end up here, anyway?

well, that...

you want to know what happen here, lady?
this brat almost get me killed.
forget this, im gonna get out of here.
if that was a smallest fire those [---] set
that i was a bit surprise.
i grew up in this neighborhood, i know this place better than my back of hand.
if i want to burn down the town, this wouldn't be the spot to leave me
this town isn't down the woods just yet.

there were 3 other fires out of wind we also put out.

we can thank you [---] for your help.
right? everyone.

for you, this is all gonna to be a whole worse.

next step is to take care of the injury.
no, i want have any more viticms.
not one more.

wait, what are you talking about?

well, the winds is going to change direction.
it happens every night around this time, it stops
then it starts to blow towards town from where the river is

no wind, it stopped

and now, time for the main course to be servered.

"you see them running away"
"now, let me buy this round"

ok, that should take care of it.

thank you for parking me, doctor.
let me buy you a drink.

what are you talking about?
you have to take a easy for a while .

come on, [--] the doctor. right?

that's right. thank to you, you are able to put out those fires, save the neighborhood.

i bet those Nazis scratch their heads right now, wondering what happened.

no doublt they are, that will teach them , never underestimate Turkish

where did they attend all the other injuried people?

they must be by the river.

hey, doctor, Tenma。 take a break and relax, come on, why don't you have a drink with us?

not until everyone is taken care of.

if all the fires up to now were just diversions, where do you think they are going to set the real fire?

how the hell would i know, 
who cares about this stupid town anyway
besides, there is something much more important on my mind, i get to take care of.

wait, i need you to tell me, i need you to tell me now.
where did they start the real fire?

get your hands off me.
i've already told you, the winds come from the river.
the abdandoned fatory down there will be the perfect place for the fire.
if i'm not mistaken, there should be a bounch of chermicals in the warehouse.

it long last, something i can see in my [---]
yes, this is going to be delicious.

we are ready on schedule, the celebration of the master races is about to begin.

it's you, why did you follow me?