because i have to put out the fire
i made a promise to Tenma.

Tenma?

this is it, it's the warehouse.

thank goodness, looks like they have not found this place yet.

these are all filled with chemicals?

if all of these would go-up, there would be hopeless.
it would be nothing left to the town

i protect this place no matter what
i'm not going to let those horrible people burn it down
 
are you ok?

what these [---] it is?

smells like [gaslin--], it looks like someone is there

it's all right, i can walk on my own.

let's get you to the shelter, so i can have a close look at it.

it twisted my ankle, it probably happened when i try to get away from the fire.

hahha, now that i finally get this rug, who gives a damn about this sinking town
i bet i can get a thousand Marks from the Baby, no , a million

Heckle

what happen to Diter?

couldn't say, he is probably

where he is, where did he go, what happened to him

last time i saw him, he was going to the abandoned warehouse by the river.

why there?

the winds is gonna blow wind from river soon.
so the chemicals in that warehouse set on fire is all over for this town

this is what i was talking about.

tell everyone to avacade from the river shieldter right away.
go
you are going to take me there.

en?

who is it? who is back there?

freeze, don't move.

cann't be true, are you really Youhan's sister?

put the lighter now

once i said this [trice] gas [---] on fire
this warehouse is going to go-up instant

i'm going to shot you at head before it happens
i can fire quicker than you can fled that lighter
i'm not afraid to do it.

and what if you miss?

i have [---] at training for 6 months straight
so i know, i can hit you from here

you don't frighten me
don't you know this is a celebration of master race
this is our big welcome for Youhan.

but Youhan doesn't want the things that you want
yes, it's true that he is recently seen here at Burford,
but the only reason he came was to kill one of your leaders and all of his supporters
he left a message behind, you know.

what message?

listen to me, Youhan is not the person you think he is 
the truth is much more complex than that

what are you trying to say?

it's worse, it must be terrifying for him
he is suffering, he is in angry, he is [---] at the edge of spare

you know i'm not so sure it is such a good idea to make emenyes of this guys.

which way to the warehouse?

i didn't [sign--] for the holidays

i'm going to call it a day, see you.

who the hell are you thinking of going?
are you just going to let Diter die like that?
tell me where the warehouse is?

all right, all right, i will tell you, just let me go, you choke me.



















