and you haven't touched the drinks since then, is that correct?

absolutely, not even a drop

well, that's very good, but you have to continue to stay away from booth to give yourself a chance to start over

there is no way i'm going to drink as long as i report to you once a week
i don't want to incur you wrath
and just the thought of it makes me afraid

what are you talking about?
i always conduct myself in a very calm, professional manner

i was kidding, i don't have time to drink anyway.
i've got my first big case since i became a private investigator

well, that's a very good news

doctor Rif, how would you judge this fellow？

what do you mean?

using your knowledge of physiognomy, i think you maybe could tell me what kind of young man appearing in this photograph.

i don't practice physiognomy
Ricard, i'm afraid you are mistaking me for some kind of quack fortune teller, a weirdo psychic

but you have a well acknowledged reputation
you are able to predict someone's behavioral traits from just a single glance, right?

that's the result of many years accumulating information from observing patients

can you use all of those years of acquired wisdom to tell me this guy looks like a con man

con man?
that's not possible.
a man with a face like his couldn't fool anyone.
even if he tries some kind of con, it can be easily found out.

ha, what are the odds that he commits suicide? 

absolutely none at all
people with faces like his would never kill themselves.

well, i almost see, doctor
your observation seem to be pretty convincing, and give me quite a lot to think about.

and based on the experiences, so who hired you if you don't mind my asking.

Hanger Lance Shuval.

you're working for Shuval

i take it you know who he is, am i right?

yes, i'm quite familar with him
he is the wealthy vampire of the Babavia

well, that immensely rich gentleman is my client, and the young man in the photograh is Amen Forten
and in person, it was who actually passed himself off as Shuval's son for a while 

en, eventually, gave himself away?

not really, Mr Shuval bought every details of his deception
he wasn't your typical run of the mill scam artist, you know

i, myself, had a lot of trouble of figuring out he was a complete fraud.
even now, some pieces of the mystery about him still remain
how did Forten know so much about Shuval's missing son?
where did he get the information and who supplied it? 

the only way is to go straight to the source of demand that Forten tell you 

yep, normally i would.
but the boy committed suicide, they say.

oh come on, Martin
think it of as a favor for a old friend
at least, let me take a look at the suicide note

the handwriting has been analyzed, without doubt the kid wrote it himself, ok?
look, you are outside now, Ricard, i can't just find been bending the rules

the two kids who found the body, Carl Lorman and Lotie Frank
did they work the same part-time job as Amen Forten?

they were just friends. that's all

oh, maybe they are not such good friends
so, how are you doing anyway?
is it the same old grind?

yeah, you know how it is, we never have enough personel.
in fact, i have no time to rest since i took over your position
so, thanks a bunch, Richard. 

ha..., slow Poker Martin has become one of big shots now.

you don't get to call me that anymore.

en?

well, you are not my boss any more, so i don't have to put up with your wisecracks

oh. come on. Martin

you just don't get it, do you?