they are planning on turing this old orphanage into supremarkets sometime soon.

about time, thank godness, they are finally going to destory this creepy building.

Excuse me, mam, by any chance, do you know anyone from this place?

the orphanage? everyone from there is long since gone.

i'm really prefer not to talk about it, it was such a tragedy

if you want to find out more about it, there is a former official from the old Ministry of 
Welfare named Hartman over on the 47th street.

hello, there, do you know if a man named Hartman lives around here?

wait, what's wrong? you're injuried? let me take a look 

don't be afraid, i'm not gonna to hurt you.

you re-injuried an old wound.
it's infected, but this should help

i know this stings, but it'll help you get better.
here you go, all done.

be careful, ok? you might get hurt again.

Hartman?

After the fall of East Germany,
i became the foster parent of all those kids you see photographed up on the wall.

foster parent?

yes. well, it just means that i took care of them until they were adopted or eventually able to go off on their own.

the boy in the middle was adopted by the president of an accessories company,
and the last one on the left is in listed in the army.

i still have one left in my care right now.

it must be a hard work for you

to tell the truth, i wouldn't call it a work

as the district official for the Ministry of Welfare, i worked for many years dealing with orphans.
and i was adamantly against the way the government handled them.

after the fall of socialism, i thought i'd try doing things my own way.
i couldn't do any worse.
of course, it isn't easy, and i don't have many resources.
but it is far better than the way they were living in that orphanage. if you can call it that.

the Ministry of Interior and the Ministry of welfare run the 511 Kinderheim as a special orphanage.

well, all this German orphanages were pretty severe place to be

but these special orphanages were particularly notorious.
it wasn't just an institution for the children with nowhere to go,
it was the place where the children of criminals and political prisoners 
or suspected dissidents were sent.
Discrimination and inhumane cruelty were part of everyday life for the children there.

those poor and fortuneless or the defenceless couldn't do anything about their situation.

ironically, it was a contradictory clash between socialism and totalitarianism

the government claimed they would re-educate them into good citizens,
but in actuality, behind closed doors and away form the public eyes,
those helpless children were treated like criminals, even worse than criminals.

the director and instructors were absolutely terrible

the worst of the bunch would confiscate care packages sent to the children and sell them for their own profit. 

who, then, the real criminals, i ask you, fear and violence ruled the daily lives of those poor children,
and those special orphanages, you can't raise normal people that way.

and then one day, that incident happened.

the incident? what exactly do you mean by that?

well, when you came here you said that you want to ask me about the twins, didn't you?

yes, that's right, can you tell me anythings all about them?

i don't know much about the girl, except she was left in the orphanage in the different district.
but the boy, i always remember the brother, Johan.

Johan? yes, please tell me whatever there is to know.

what happened, they kept everyone from finding out, the East German government placed the
strict gag order on it.

well, it's not the past now, so i suppose it's alright, 
i guess there's no harm in talking to you about the incident.

so, what are you taling about? i need to know, what Johan do?

he led an uprising.

i'm home

Deter, we have a company, 
come here and say hello to him, why don't you?

o?

Deter, where are your manners?
where are you going to greet the man or not?

well, it's ok
we've already met earlier out in front of the building.
remember? 
please continue, Mr Hartman.
i'd like to hear more.

no, i'm sorry, i can't, not in front of the child.

a? understood.
well, it's late, can we continue this another time?

Deter.
maybe you'd like to stay and have dinner with us

sure, if you don't mind.

Mr Tenma, you say that you're a freelance journalist, does that mean you're going to 
write a article about the things we have been talking about?

eventually

when you do write your article, please be sure to emphasize this 
"the moral development for child all depends on the adult that raises him" 
it's essential that we encourage every child to follow the proper path.