if we do, they will be able to achieve their dreams and have a happy life.

dreams? ha?

hi, Diter, what are your dreams?

a soccer ball.

a?

i want a soccer ball.

i see.

thank you for dinner, i was hoping we could continue our conversation another time.

of course, i'm sorry we couldn't finish it up tonight, Mr Tenma.

i'll be back, perhaps i can come by tomorrow.

well, Diter.

hello, i'm sorry. may i still make a purchase?

Mr Hartman, it's me, Tenma, Mr Hartman.

Mr Hartman, Mr Hartman, what's wrong, Mr Hartman, please, open up, Mr Hartman.

Mr Hartman, i...

where, Mr Tenma

Diter, what happened to him?

he was playing, he was standing on the chair, and he fell
oh, my dear, Diter.

it hurts, it really hurts.

where, Diter, where does it hurts?

it hurts everywhere.

Mr Hartman, call an ambulance, quick.

all right.

Diter, let me take a look.

my god, what are these bruises?
does this hurt?
what about here?

2 of your ribs are fractured and aslo, your shoulder is dislocated.
how did you get this injury from falling out of a chair?

the ambulance is on the way, and it should be here soon.
so everything is going to be all right.

good, but where these bruises come from?

i said everything's all right. you can leave now, Mr Tenma.

but...

your hands just now.
it was like you were examining him as if you were a doctor.

well..

Tenma. i thought i've heard that name somewher before.
you're a doctor, aren't you? the one wanted for murder.

these bruises, just how did he get these bruises all over his body?

you shouldn't worry about the boy. you get your own problem, don't you?

the police are on their way along with the ambulance.

Mr Hartman, what really happened to Diter?
how did he get all of these injuries?

what's the matter to you?
i mean you're the one who is wanted for murder, doctor.

you're very short tempered, just like a fugitive.

you did these to him, didn't you?

did what? what do you mean?

you're the one who is abusing Diter all this time, aren't you?

absuing, why? i would never do such a thing to a innocent child.
right, Diter?

wait, what are you doing?

i'm taking Diter to the hospital.

first murder, now, kidnapping, too.

don't move.

the police will catch you eventually.

it's ok, Diter, we'll be in hospital soon.

i'm scared, i'm scared of the hospital

there is nothing to be afraid of.
the doctor will take good care of you.

but, Mr Hartman is always the one who took care of me every time i got hurt before.

what?

what are you telling me?
you completely cover the scars and the bruises, you've never been to the hospital?

i'm scared, the world is full of  bad things.
that's why i have to become stronger.
if i'm going to fight the bad things, i have to become stronger.

it's that what Hartman told you?

the world is dark, the future is bleak.

that isn't true.
the world isn't a dark place, that's a lie.

really?

yes, really.
oh, i almost forget. this soccer ball is for you.

wow, tomorrow will be a good day, i promise.

i'm sorry for coming so late, thank you, nurse.

it's all right.
but the ER is pretty busy at the moment.

it might end up being a while before we can treat him.

why can't you move him up at all.

there is a very big accident. i'm sorry.

...so we need to ask the truck driver about the circumstance of the accident.

he broke both his legs, but he can still talk any

we have to treat him first. you can question him after we are done

all right, then we'll wait here until he is ready.

i see, i will be back in 2 hours.

what?


please, just do what you can to take care of the boy.
and whatever you do, please be sure not to let anyone else take him away, i'll be coming back to get him
i own you one.

is the accident site cleaned up yet?

no, traffic is still backed up.

ok, what should i do now?
first, what to do with Diter?
even i call the police, i can't go with them.

i don't know much about the girl, except she was left in a orphanage in the different district.

a different orphanage? wait , that's it.

there is a child that you want me to take in.
well, are you the child's parent?
what are you doing coming here at this hour?

i'm sorry, i know it's a strange request. but the child needs you.

look, i undrestand that the child is being absued, but if i don't know who you are, how can i...

well, i just...

i can't take in a child from a suspicious person who wouldn't even identify himself.

wait, did Ana Libert live here with you in this orphanage by any chance?

hold on a second.
are you saying you know Ana Libert?

that's right, so you do know Ana Libert

yes, of course, i do.
how is Ana, is she doing well for herself?

yes, she's currently taking classes in the Heidiburg university.

really, then i guess she is doing very well.
Ana was such a nice girl.

i heard she was adopted by Mr Libert of the Commerce Ministry.
along with his twin brother, dear, what's his name again?

Johan

that was it, his name was Johan.
they were truly very close.
i felt so sorry for them when they had to be seperated, but they had to be placed in different orphanage.

before the 2 of them arrived here, they only had each other, they were truly alone in this world.
they were found walking hand in hand near the border of Czechoslovakia.
just the 2 of them, shivering all alone in the cold.

at first, Mr Libert was only going to adopt Johan, but Johan wouldn't go anywhere without his sister.
there was no separating them

thankfully, Ana was able to live a happy life, because of her brother.

i heard the conditions in the orphanages in the East Germany were pretty terrible.

not all orphanages were like 511 Kinderheim

Inga, dear, the bathroom is the other way.
down the hall, ok?

narny

it's all right, it's all right. there is nothing to be afraid of.
now, you can go to the bathroom by yourself, can't you?

these poor children have never really felt the love of their parent
in order to develop as a person, the only thing you need is love
the orphanages of the east side were truly horrible places for the children to grow up in.
everything is so impersonal, even this place was only known by the number 47.
you'd better believe, we did everything we could do with our power.
so that it can't be controlled by the government.

we weren't going to be another 511 Kinderheim.
it's a special orphanage controlled by the Ministry of Welfare and Ministry of Interior
do you know what that means?

no.

the reality was, it was the Ministry of Interior's pet project
East Germany was using that place for experimentation on the children.