my wife and i divorced about 3 years ago
now that's a...

she divorced me 3 years ago. 
she said that i stopped listening to her,
and supposed that she was right.
this was the only thing i did really listen to by that point.
my wife said i was broken
she said i was a voyeur, peeking through the window at people's inner-most thoughts
crazy

doctor, you are abnormal

maybe you are right about that.
i became transfixed, obsessively gazing into the abyss of human heart.
i suppose that it is possibly that the abyss cases back to me.
the depths of human mind are filled with treacherous landscape

your fourth victim was a 18 years old girl, and in Munich i believe
i'm curious, did you experience any form of sexual arousal when you cut her up?

i don't want to talk about her today, doctor,
i want to talk about my 12th victim

fair enough then.
that would be Mrs Hannah from [---] house, 52 years old

at that time, i was a...

wait, i'm not prepared to talk about her
i promise we would eventually get to Ms [Kent]
but for the moment, i would really like to focus on victim No.11
is that all right?

now then, the peek of your arousal, is that come before or after you commit a murder

the victims are all girls with long hair, ages 16 to 18.
it's clear, these murder should be categorized as acts of sexual homicide
but then, he cofesses to the murder of 12th victim, Mrs Cape.
Mrs Cape was 52, and showed no sign of sexual assult.
he claims to kill Mrs Cape as a favor for a friend
obviously, desperate, last ditch attempt to disrupt the investigation.

who is it?
who is it? i know you're in there.

it's me, Rudy.

Tenma?

well, this is a surprise

yeah, i know, i'm sorry for barging on you like this, Rudy.

you've heard about my situation

that's putting it mindly

well, do you think i am a serial killer?

i don't know, but from what i've heard
both the newspapers and our old classmates think you're as guilty as sin.
so the question is what are you doing here?
why come to me?
we are never exactly what you'd call "close"
i know for a fact you despise me.

i could tell from the way you look at me
i saw the contempt burning behind your eyes

hah, that's what this is all about
you've come to collect what you think i owe you
it's that it?

it's not like that at all, you've bacame a noted specialist in criminal psycholog
i've something, like you to take a look at it 

"my dear doctor Tenma, look at me, look at me, the monster inside me is getting big"
"help, the monster inside me is about to explode"

what on earth is this?

quite a story, so ten years ago, you saved a boy's life, who went on to kill the hospital's director, some staffs, 
his foster parents, then he's gone. 
leaving no traces other than a serious encrpty message addressed to you.

which is why it's so urge that i find where he is now.

because you think that by finding him, you also may find something that might prove your innocence.

20 years ago, there was young man ,attending the prestigious medical school
he was driven to be the top of his class
one day, a japanese transfer student came and changed everything.
this new student was charming, quickly getting the respects of peers and teacher's like
he had a brilliant mind as well, claiming his position as the top of the class with his first master
much to the man's dismay

by the next master, he had became obsessed with regaining his title.
he managed to earn full marks of all his classes so far
however, his last test was his weak subject, medical law.
if he failed this test, then all of his efforts would go to waste
so he resorted to desperate measures.
measures he thought would put him back on top.
but he was caught

the japanese student never told anyone about what he'd seen
as a result, the man regained his throne

so it's the anything you can tell me about this man based on the contents of this letters