you think it may be multiple personality disorder
and you came to the conclusion that one of this personality is committing these murders,
while the other personality is trying to get caught

yes, instances of serial killers leaving this sorts of notes are not ever heard of.
just as often, these notes are fabricated as legal prove of insanity

sperating the pretender from the general artical [--] is another criminal psychologist
i believe you mean there is no easy test in [---] as serial killer as more less than the hollywood fabrication
many killers are highly intelligent, [---]  extremely charming
they are adapted than skillful liars

so that's it
you thinking might be [----] with me

well, let's not up to the mountain pie of congestion just yet.
why don't you tell me a little bit more about this Yonhan
my wife and i get divorced about 3 years ago. 
what i mean to say is my wife divorced me 3 years ago. 

thank you, Rudy.

don't mention it, Tenma
this is a very fascinating case you brought me.
i need to do some research, give me a call next week, all right?
do you have a opinion about this person.

seems like my kind of guy

en, can you elbrate on that?

the monster, i get of that

that's interesting, you get the monster
make sense, of course, there is a monster inside both of you
to be fair, there is even a monster inside of me.

shut your mouth

en?

that's nothing but textbook garbage

why is that?

what i'm telling you, doctor, is that a real monster does exist

what are you thinking you are doing, just stop looking at me like that.
don't you dare look at me with such a contempt

what are you doing?

i'm calling the guards

well, are you stare yet, are you stare?
because there are things in there that will turn your blood to your eyes, doctor
i'm going tell you a secret.

thank you for your corporation

you really still convinced that Tenma's going to try contacting you again?

i'm sure of it. and when he does, i will notify you immediately
however...

well, go on

after his arrest, i would like to get permission to use him and his case in my research
doctor Tenma would make a [coponing--] subject, he has a complex criminal mind 

"i'm going to tell you a secret"
"go to Mrs. cape's house and [--] house, make your way to the [facment--], you will find all the answers down there"
"down there, you will find prove, prove the monster does exist"

this is Rudy, a? Tenma, i'm waiting for your call

yeah, all right, excellent, i will see you there

office's call, Tenma just called. 
we've arranged a meeting tonight
a [---] park tonight 8 
by the fountain, that's right
goodbye then.

i'm currently retracing your [--] steps on the day of 12th confessed murder.
according to our interviews, he broken into the basement, and stayed Hilter for several hour
Later, when Mrs Cape came home, he made his way into the upstairs bedroom and murder her there.
there is nothing out of the ordinary, except there are framed photos all over the basement.
there are all pictures about Mrs. Cape

just a doll, almost give me a heart attack
evidence of this [---] monster, you are going to send me a fine, clearly it's not here.
it supports my theory that you're going to commit the 12th to confuse the inversigators
his first explanation was that he committed the murder as a favor for a friend
one he assciated was prime monster archetype
he....

when i was a kid, my mother would beat me every day
what she would do, she would take me to the basement
it was dark, and she had this big doll down there
a doll with long hair
sometime ,when she beat me, i would cry to the doll for help
it would just sit there, smock and watch
the basement was filled with pictures of my mother.
wherever i try to look
mother, mother,... always watching. no escape

but what does mean? exact at every detail
is that possible that [---] recreated the basement for his childhood

the boy next to the Mrs.Cape is Yougens, it can't be
there is no evidence connecting yong Yougens to Mrs Cape.
something is not right here