it seems that Youngens face was pasted into the photpgraph
this one and this one and the other, all of these

Mrs Cape never had any children

so who is this boy?
who are you?

"down there, you will find prove, prove the monster really does exist"

i followed all the instructions that my friend left me in the letter perfectly.

friend, who was he?

just listen, the first letter came in a blank envelope without name or a return address. 
he want to say
"he understood me, sympathize with me, creep like that"

i was annoyed, angry first.
but then other one came, and then another the next day, and again, and so on.
he is a letter freak.
but before i knew it, i start to expect the letters.
even enjoy them a bit
then i thought maybe it's possible he might acutally be a friend to me
and then one day, one of his letters asked me for something
he asked me to go down the basement of this house

and did this basement belonged to the Mrs Cape?

i still don't know how he could have known
there is no way he could possibly have known what happened to me down there when i was a kid.
somehow, he got everything right down to the smallest detail
how did he do that?
i just got so confused.
was Mrs Capes my mother?
the next thing i knew was on the upstairs that Mrs. Cape was dead
he's a letter freak.

i'm afraid he must send letters to Mrs Cape as well

what is this? one other? and this, another one.
"Look at me, Look at me, the monster inside me is getting big" 
"help me, the monster inside me is about to explode"

these are the messages Youhan left me.

they are the same.

Yougen's friend, and Youhan, he is real.

anything yet?
it's way passed day already 

inspector Coln, hold on

target in sight, asian male, long hair

i'm appreciated that you make time for this arrangment, Rudy.

i want you to know, i did rearch what you gave me 
but i thought you are making it up
i thought that Youhan was just woods
a escapegoat you created by your time when you are caught  

you've got to believe me, Rudy.

i've been conducting rearch on a serial killer named Yougens, something he said caught my attention.

one of his victims is off pattern, showing no connection to profile or ritual

it doesn't matter, Rudy.
please Listen to me

ok, listen up, everyone, we will finish today.
we'll see you tomorrow

seems like the carnival is wrapping up.

everyone is in position
make sure they are ready to move in on my mark

yes, sir.

i want every detail of their conversation

Tenma? you hated me, didn't you?

a? 

even hating me since you caught me cheating on that exam in college
i can feel your disdain.
go ahead, say it.

inspect Col, this doesn't look good
doctor [--] and Tenma are headed toward the west exit

damn, we will lose them, that crown is leaving.

it will be always in your right, a man like me does't deserve your respect

Rudy, this is not the time to [Rem]??

listen to me, now then, i looked up the answers and wrote them all down on the cheat sheet.
and she is just like this one.

run, we are surrounded by the police.

don't look, just walk.

it's doctor Tenma, threating Guling?

i'm not sure, sir.
there is much too background noise for me to hear

Yougen is recently confessing to me that he killed Mrs Cape be a request from a friend.

Rudy, what is this?

something i found in the Mrs Cape's basement.

but Mrs Cape never had any children.

i've found compelling evidence to suggest that Yougen's friend and your Youhan are both one of the same.

they passed the west exit.
shold we move in?

tell everyone to hold their position, he may be armed

i found a letter from Youhan in Mrs Cape's house.
it's almost identical to the one you brought me 
i believed that Youhan had been in the care of Mrs Cape at some point in his life.
that would explain the motivation for orchestrating her death
you're a innocent man, Tenma.
i'm sorry i can't give as much detail as perhaps you'd like
and here's what i worked on Youhan so far.
i don't know how i does it, but Youhan can somehow can identify other killers
he finds them, worms his way in, beguiles them, then manipulates them
it's worth noting that to the best of our knowledge
he hasn't killed the foster parents who cared him as a teenage 

probably because by the time he reached that age, he no longer found himself depend on anyone  

perhaps, but i have another theory.
what if Youhan found himself ideal family, and then became a part of it, but why work so hard to erase his past? 
was there a ulterior motive?

if that isn't the cases, did he make his way into the family for a specific purpose?
and what that purpose be?
well, we are at the bus terminal

yes, confirm which bus Tenma is getting on?
they get a car over to the terminal and haven't follow

yes, sir

here, at least i can do is buying you a bus ticket 
you know, there is still time you can turn yourself in and prove that you are innocent
i promise that i can help you

the truth is i am not chasing after Youhan, just so i can prove my innocence.
thank you for all your help, Rudy.

Tenma, you don't have to become him to end this

that reminds me, i really didn't despise you back in the college, Rudy
i mean it 
i thought you're bralliant
it was a shame that we never had a chance to talk 
i'm glad that i can finally count you as a friend

but i know you caught me cheating on that medical law exam, there is no doubt about it. 
i saw you were looking directly at me on my cheat sheet 

well, yeah, i cheat on the medical exam too

he got away, all of the buses leave at the same time

be careful, Tenma.