excuse me

sir, sir, just a couple of questions, please.

stay there, stay right there, hold it.

is there a coincidence, sir, with these 2 murders?

back off, you are interfering the crime scene

could you please tell us what the police of thinking, what's your views on the situation?

do you believe the cases are linked to the serial murders?

Mr and Mrs Youpen were quite wealthy, and have no children, right?

no matter how you look at it, it's obvious this incident is exactly like the other cases of murder middle age of couples across Germany


no comment at this time.

i've heared the BKA had sent a agent to look into it, is that true?
does that mean there is connection to the serial murders?

no comments

oh, man.

i think i have a better luck talking to the BKA suit directly than trying to get this guy to give me anything.

just trust me, all right?
i promise you we will be the first one for the story.
just make sure you leave plenty of space on the front page.

just do, i get to go.

excuse me. sir.
my name is Kep, i'm with Hamburg Talk.
you've been sent here by the BKA to investigate this murder.
correct me if i'm wrong.
i was wondering is this case somehow connected to the other serial murders?

well, keep it off the Hamburg Talk.
you are right on both counts.
get your pen ready. because here is my statement.

a middle age couple was murdered, and it appeared to be the other serial [---].

i knew it, and the suspect's the japanese doctor?

yes, i just saw the report.
it is the armor the murders were carried out the same way.

thank you for the scoop

get them on 

oh, one more thing. 
i'm aware the Hamburg Talk is leading the local newpaper.
but i expect you make sure that your story gets published at every major newpaper in the country as well.

i consider it done.
thanks again for your help, friend.

i've become the killer, i think to myself as i approach what is the best way to get into their house.
should i knock?
i don't want to start the Youpens by walking in on them
 
such a friendly couple
they greet me, and show me to the living room
these floks aren't the least bit suspicious, they lead me in.

the husband's chair, naturally i sat on the sofa, facing him.
a few minutes later, the husband will die on the floor, over there.
but i hadn't made that move yet, so i have to decide when to eliminate him
i will do it when the wife leave the room. where did she go?
to the kitchen, to make us some tea?
she is stabbled in the back before she even has a chance to serve it 
obviously,there i need to make my move on the husband while she is occupied on the kitchen.
i'm reaching in, pull out the knife, the husband sees this, panic, tries to stand up
i stab him, but i miss, and end up slashing him.
the husband runs off with the blood dropping from his wounded left hand
so i try to get him again, i swing the knife, this time i only punch his right shoulder
such a clumsy amateur
despairly, the husband yells his wife's name. only she can hear him from out of the kitchen
recently, she's developed the hearing problem

yes, turns out i knew about about, didn't i?

go on, shout out what you want, i can take my time to kill you and then your wife
you're trapped
there is your left hand print on the wall
you can't get away from me
i get you pen from this table 
you're finished

but then, something has prevent me from completing the task.
it's 5 meters from this point to the husband dies

how come?why not just eliminate him here and  be done with it?