why wait?

i've never seen him.
do you suspect he is the one who broken in and murdered my neighbors?

for the moment, i can only say it is the personal interest 
but i will ask everybody in the neighborhood for their cooperation in this matter.
if you see this man, just act normal, i don't want him to become suspecious
then get touch with me as soon as you possibly can 
that will be all that i need you do
i personally assure you he won't be in any danger.

hard to image such a tragedy like this happened in here, it is such a pleasant. quiet neighborhood.

it really is, and Youpens were such nice people, just the best
when i call out her for my doorsteps, Mrs Youpen would always greet me cheerfully

that's very interesting
i've been told Mrs Youpen lost hearing about a year ago, and refuse to hearing aid

a? are you sure?

it was in the medical record.
if i had to guess, she really couldn't hear any of your greetings.

oh, well, annoy type of person she was
she probably sends my present to want me feel good.

so then. in your opinion, nobody in the neighborhood know about her lost hearing either.

en, no. i wouldn't think so

it certain appears that your business is blooming.

you made a rapid progress at the early age.
it is not easy for young man to achieve such a quick success, Mr Job.

you are right, the contract [--] made with Karmen eventually has just happened to work out

before we begin, i'd like to extend my deep condolences for the recent loss, your aunt and uncle

thank you, their passing was a great loss.
they were the only relatives i had left in the world

it appears that they never had children of their own
so they must have taken care of you since you're the only nephew.

yes. they treated me as i were their own son
sir, tell me, you will be able to catch the murder.

i will, i'm pretty sure i know who's behind it

me too
i bet it was the japanese doctor, wasn't it?

sounds like you're very well informed
  
of course i am.
there are murders in fact i've heared has been linked to other similar to this.

i'm curious, just how much do you stand to hear it?
you see, i found out that Mr Youpen was a quiet a wealth man

so what? his wealth has nothing to do with this serial murder case.

so i persume you are the salt air to the considerable state
things that you are the only nephew 

it is inappropriate to discuss my inheritance in this certain cicumstance

a company can appear to be  blooming on the surface
but underneath, may have serious cash flow problems that get out of hand
it's the common currency business world.

just a minute, you imply i murder them when there is a serial murder on the lose, how dare you?

what do you so worry about, you have a perfect alibi for the time question.
and you have plenty witenesses you bought your secretary and some others a nice dinner after a long meeting.

what, what exactly are you getting it?

that appears that you couldn't be the murder.
i'm sure you agree.

inspector Longai.

well, what do you want, Keb?

what the hell is going on?

going on with what?

don't play dumb, inspector.
i've been out digging out the nephew for the last couple of days
his company looks profitable at first glance
but turns out he held a lot of bad stocks and bonds
cash [--] a hurt.
and now, i've found out you are investigating in the same company.
i want the truth, who kills those folks, Longai?