deny what you have discovered
do you still think that this case is related to the other middle aged murders?
all of the newspapers print the variation issue of my story
if the cases are not related, then it's just sensational journalism
my reputation could be damaged.

your instincts are correct
it is the work of the copycat,it was setup to look like the serial killer.

that's just great
i'm gonna to public the retraction right away.

no, it's fine as it is.
you continue writing a follow up story as if the case were the other middle aged couple murders 

what?
it is not an article. no way. i won't do it, i tell you.

but you will.

i'm, i'm a honest journalist who believes reporting the whole truth,
and you are not going to tell me what i can write.

well, let me give you the truth
you have a good taste, really,  she is quite loving
you have a pleasant home with a devoted wife and doting daughter who both adore you.
But it is impossible for you to resist the charms of that attractive other woman, wasn't it?

continue as it's before.
no, beef up a little. write a special report about this serial murders.
if you do as i ask, he will most certainly come
i'm counting on you.

yes? who is it?

execuse me, mam. May i ask some questions?

well, sound the Youpens are wonderful couple.

they were.

i see, and you're absolutely certain that they don't have any adopted children?

oh, yes.

did any children ,children that you never see them before live with them even for a short time?

no, never. but they took very good care of their nephew, he was the apple of their eye.
well, could you like more tea, it won't take a minute.

en, i'm fine.

a little more tea won't hurt you.

there is no mistake of him.
he is the man for that photo, he is in my dining room right now

nothing to worry about.
thanks for your cooperation.

inspector, Longgai, someone is here to see you.

well, who is it?

he says he is the nephew of the Youpens that couples were killed.

inspector, you believe that i'm one who murdered them
i'm your suspect, right?
you think that i killed my uncle and aunt for their money.
that's what you hinted at the other day.
let's face it, we both know that i've many debts right now.
and the inherited money that they end up leaving me will more than likely get me out of this whole mess.
however, that's not that kind of person i'm

is that really all you came here to tell me? 

all i came here to...wait a minute, how dare you speak to me in such a condescending way

well, if you execuse me, there is somewhere i have to be at the moment.

don't you walk away.
i demand a appologize for your disrepectful behavior.

perhaps you weren't aware that the police had been following you
well, now, that order's been cancelled
your local law enforcement thinks that you're innocent, isn't that gond enough for you, Mr Gbel?

well, do you agree with them, or am i still the prime target in your invesigation?

you want to know if i think you're guilty?
that really doesn't matter to me at the moment.

a?

my chief concern is to catch the man i've been after

the blood stain over there can only mean one thing, he must have missed.

then, am i to assume that you're conviced the japanese doctor is responsible for killing my aunt and uncle?

never assume anything, i conclude it was a copycat murder made to look like the middle aged couple homicides.

but how can you be so certain about that?

because there is one element that this case has