that's different from all the other cases.

the killer corner the victim here, but he doesn't finish him off
he waits to as the victim get over there before he delivery the final [---].
but why? why does the murder hesitate?

it's not him

that element, it is an emotion

the emotion?

yes. you see the man i'm after always take the small valuables
he tries to make his crime to look like robberys.
he murders quickly without hesitation or emotion
at least, that is goal
but this crime scene is full of emotions
the killer panic when he saw his face and the victim's face together in the mirror.
you needn't worry, from what i obverse, the police in this town are totally [confident]

this crime was definitely not made by Youhan, but somebody wants the police to [---] on him.

how much long all these is going to continue?
when will it end?

hello, it's been a while.
so, we finally meet again, doctor Tenma.
i've been looking all over  for you for a very long time.
i've been hoping that there have a quiet chat with you 

there is no use of running away anymore.
stop tring to escape, and talk to me.
the fact is there is no place you can hide, Doctor Tenma.

yes, you are all mine

why couldn't you just leave it alone.

away.

i'm guilty, i confess, i want to turn myself in,all right?
i'm the one who came and killed them.

your confession means nothing to me.
just stay out of my way.

damn, come on.

he's been seriously wounded, i have to do something now, he is going to bleed to death

who could stab the inspector Longai?

i will drop him off the hospital and get away.

damn, where are they?

i need the keys to the handcuffs, tell me where you put them, inspector?

don't bother reaching for your gun, i took them off when you are in unconscious.
don't be so stubborn, just give me the keys, i'm a doctor, but i can't help you like this.
i examine your wound as best as i could, it appears that only your muscles sting the damage
but you're losing a awful of blood.
if we don't stop the bleeding, you are going to die.

ha...

come on, confess.
do it, doctor Tenma

confess to what.

that you murdered the director of [--] hospital, along with 3 others
and you've been on the 3 year killing spread targeting middle aged couples
it's time to come clean and admit what you've done

if you keep this up, you will be a dead man

come on, doctor. don't try to fool me
you're only fooling yourself by running around and chasing this [---] Youhan
Youhan doesn't exist, admit it you make it up, you are the killer, you are Youhan, doctor Tenma 
own up to it.

inspector, right now, you are required a emergecy treatment, i've everything i need to do the proceures
except for my hands, and my tools
i can't save your life when they're chained together.

yes, when you're the well light doctor Tenma, those are the hands of highly skill surgeon with saving many lives
but how many people have you killed with those hands?

you've got it wrong, i'm not the killer.

no, but you change into Youhan.

when does the good doctor turn into a bad monster?

i've alreay told you you were mistaken.

let me tell, i never make mistakes.

your blood pressure is falling, you will lose conciousness soon

your crime scene are always 

no more talking. it will weaken you 

your crime scenes are always lacking of something, the emotional factor.

save your strength.

dealing with life and death everyday forced doctors to check their emotions, right?
doctor Tenma, you developed a coldest stero.
and that coldest thing i've always found in your crime scenes
cold, clam, emotioness, and taking off life

i'm not that kind of man.
everytime i operate, thousands of emotions go through my head.
they affect my every decision.
it's my diagonose [---]
whether there be a unforseen complications, or my patient even survive
how can i be clam when i hold the person's life in my hands

in these hands, how the hell can i will become?

don't come close, stop

i can save you

i will shot

i need my hands to stop the bleeding.
how's the keys in your pant's pocket, tell me.

i will shot...

you really had a worry for a while, but you look quite well.

much better than when you running around and investigating crimes

i guess it is mean you're not get rid of me yet

yeah, you will be back on your feet no time.

that emergency procedure you receive before you got here was done perfectly.
your doctor said you wouldn't be alive without it.

i'm assuming that Tenma gets his hands free, and use them to save my life

well, he got away, but we get Gebl
he confessed murdering the Youpen, he stabbed you because you are on to him.
you did good, Longai.

thank you

well, what do you think?

about what?

it'a quite clear that Tenma saved Longai's life.
so i'm worried Longai may have a problem of pursuming him now.
i'm wondering if i should remove him from the Tenma's case 
i'm sorry
did he call for you again?
inspect Longai can be very demanding

he really isn't that difficult at all
and that dialog will be pleasant
i keep telling him not to rush to the recovery process, but he is quite determined
he's alreay working on strength and his grab, he is taking walks down the hall.
he seems to be have a real fun time of recovery 

he's having a fun?

yes, he's always telling me nothing has been more enjoyable for him than  
what was the suspect's name then?
oh, yes, it was Tenma
and chasing after a criminal like Tenma is the most funny he could ever have.