I don't blame you for saving my brother's life anymore.
you did what you have to do as a doctor, it wasn't your fault.
please eat these sanwiches and get some rest too.
please live on, and continue to save as many people as you are able to.

Lina Fortel.

Lina,what are you planning to do? are you going to kill your brother a second time?
i did it, i brought him back to life, that monster.
it was me, i brought him back to life.

there are a lot of blood vessels in this arterial venous malformation 
cut all arteries, now the veins, extraction of the nitis is complete

wow, that went very well.

yes, as usual.

his remarkable quick with clipping.

and an amazing operation.

doctor Tenma, how was it possible, even after a long break, the work of geninus like you only gets better and better. 

it is over.
never mind, it does not important.

isn't that wonderful, Kanzu?

it wasn't even about me, it was all about your father.

well, that may be true, but it only because you did such a wonderful job last night working as part of father's team.
i'm sure he appericates all your hard work, since you are the one responsible for raising the hospital's reputation.

no, i'm the one should be gradeful.
i mean, after all, it is thanks to your father, that actually i'm able to work here, in Germany.

hang on in there, if you stick with the father, your future will be granted.
it won't be long father becomes the chairmain of the board, soon after that, you will become the chief of surgery, and then chief director.
en, it means i will be the director's wife, you'd better make me happy,Kanzu. Because hardship doesn't suit me.
still want to go out that date, or say we just....

oh, please, sir. Madam is resting at the moment.

i won't need much of time, this shouldn't take very long.

but, sir, you really need to make an appointment with the madam

what's all the racket?

i'm terrible sorry to bother you, madam.
but there is a police officer here.

the police?

Mrs Ave,Himman, it's been a while, hasn't it?

and who are you supposed to be?

i work on your father's case, exactly 9 years ago. i'm inspector LongGai, of the BKA

LongGai, oh, i see, you may leave us house.

yes, madam

i do remember you ,all too well.

you're that good for nothing detective who cloudn't even close my father's case.
so, tell me, what on earth do you want from me now?

i'm quite impressed, you're able to maintain this residence exactly the same, even after your father's death.
actually, it appears that the decor might get even more extravagant than before.

so, then, you've came to see how much money i've made from inherts my father left me and my divoice settlements.

as you can see, detective, i live absolutely comfort.
if you see anything you like, please feel free to take with you.
as long as i have my liquid by my side, i'm fine.

i've come today, because i have something to show you.
here, take a look at this neck tie.
 
a neck tie?

doesn't it look familar?
perhaps you don't remember, it's designed from 9 years ago,it has very simple print, but if you look at it carefully, it is a wonderful piece with a extremely elaborate wave

so, what? what about it?

tracing it back is quite a task, after all, it was purchased 9 years ago, but luckily, this was a limited edition offering, specially made for particular stores higher end clients.
and your name is on that list, mrs Ave.

so ,what it exactly is your point?

you see, i was wondering if you might purchase this and give it to someone as a gift.
this neck-tie is a key piece of evidence to another murder case

a murder?
who knows. i've given gifts to so many men, i couldn't possible keep track them now, could i?
i'm not interested in it anyway, the only thing there i after is my money

please try to remember.

i told you i don't remember, these man are after my money.
there is a single person who truly loves me for who i'm.
that's why i always stick to them when it is time for the divorce settlement.
i did tell 3 of them.
oh ,damn bastard.
do you want something too, do you want something, just tell me.
but you pay a high price for it.

i'll be back, if you remember anything, please give me a call

next time, you step by, detective. be sure to bring me something to drink.

Excuse me?

Eva? Eva, please, you have to talk to your father for me, make him see i have not done anything wrong,
all i did was operate on an emergency patient who was broght in first, nothing else.

wait, is that, the ring that i gave to you  

Spare me ,Kenzu, you're such a fool.

Eve, why?

Doctor, you're looking very handsome this evening.

thank you ,you're looking special beautiful tonight for your-self, Eve.

Hose,have my car ready.

well,Mr [---], you certainly look better today.
at this rate, i'm guessing you should be able to go home sometime later this weekend, all right.

thank you very much, doctor Tenma. you did a very great job.
BTW, my daughter will get married next month, do you think i'm able to attend her wedding?

yes, that should be fine. you just have to promise me that you won't get to wild at the reception

thanks,doctor, i have resigned myself to not going. but thanks to you.

oh, come on, that's because you toughed it out 

with you looking after me, i feel i even live to see my grandchild get married.
you truly are wonderful doctoc.i really hope they keep you in this hospital for ever

Excuse me, doctoc, Tenma, you have a visitor.

i'm doing my rounds right now.
Tell them i'm too busy at the moment, could you please?

ok, but....

Ave?


it's been a while, hasn't it, kenzu?

it has.

both of us have gone through so much.

hello, father, are you sleeping already, i'm coming in.

father...

Ave, i know it's difficult ,but please, try to hold youself.

don't touch me , get me my father back, i want him back,i want him back

Kenzu, listen, please forgive me, i was wrong. 
Kenzu,Kenzu....

you look worn out, you're much thinner

i guess

i heard that you took some vacation time. 

more life, that's great, you should take a break every once in a while.

you always work as such a workaholic

seems like you've lost a little weight yourself

i had a rough couple of years. i'm sure you've heard the rumors

i heard a few

it's spring, you remember, almost ten years ago, how the 2 of us often go out for a drive.
we were so young, it was this time of the year, you were trying to swim in that river
i'm panic to try to stop you,

but you were insisted, you ...

look, i'm sorry, 

look, Ave, i can't deal with this now.

Kanzu, i, i want to start it over.

after 3 failed marriages, i finally realise that the only one who ever truly loved me was you, it 
was you, Kenzu 

that was a long time ago.

Kenzu...

please, kenzu

i want you to know that i'm very flattered, Ave.
but there is no going back. Goodbye.

Kenzu, i cann't quiet, i didn't say a word, the police came to my house and ask about your tie.

it seems to me that necktie of your gets you into some kind of trouble.
i'm absolutely positive that was the one i give to you as a gift when we were together 
if you do as i say, i'll keep quiet about it, i promise you.

there's something very important,that only i can accomplish.

i will tell the police about your tie, i will tell them everything, do you hear me.
i will tell them how you killed my father 9 years ago. you kill him, Kenzu

oh, i see, let's bring doctoc Tenma in for a interrogation right away.

but sir ,there is not enough evidence to tie doctoc Tenma with what happend to the Mr [Mao] and Fortels.

that's not what i'm referring to, i'm talking about the killing at the Heidelberg Castle.

right away

yes,sir

thank you very much for you cooperation.
this could proved to be very helpful for solving several of our open cases

Resignation? but, what was the meaning of this,doctoc Tenma?

i'm very sorry,director. but i've already made up my mind about this.

There have been various odd rumors going around about you recently.
but i want to be clear i don't believe any of it, please think this over, you have...

hey, wait, doctoc Tenma.

yes, Speaking 

Excuse me, the police?

doctor Tenma is a murder suspect?

Close all the access, don't forget the backdoors.

yes,sir.

where is the doctor Tenma?

i don't know

why are you just standing there? search the offices.

oh, but, the inspector, sir....

what is it? 

get out of the way, you people are interfering with the police.

[---], doctor Tenma would never be capable of killing anyone.

that's right.

cann't you understand what he does is saving people's life.

doctor Tenma is a innocent man.

we aren't going to talk to you

oh, i'm wondering what's going on in the front.

see those police cars over there, doctor tenma?

yeah, [----------].

is that right? well, i wonder what's going on?

anyway, can you drop me off the station?

no problem.

hey, doctor, are you always these busy?

i've, i've a surgery to perform in the other room

doctor tenma, doctor tenma ,wait

hang in there, kid ,i will save you. no matter what.

i'm not wrong, he is. he tells me there is a flaw in my character.
what about him, he says he is a doctor, but he is just a greedy bastard, bastard, bastard
you'd be better off dead.

they're gone, sir. we can't find them anywhere.

what's going on?
what the hell is going on?

it's been a long time, doctor, it's me. Have you forgotten all already, doctor?
about the twins?

Youhan

save me, doctor, i don't want to die, i don't want to die, doctor.

i was supposed to die that night. you're the one who resurrected me,doctor


looks like another scorcher today
hey, why are you all bundled up on a hot summer day like this?
aren't you broiling?

you're reading a old paper. that one is at least 3 days old.

Couple inverted got themselves murdered, they say a doctor did it.
can you believe that?

hey, buddy, you said you're headed for Vert, wasn't that right?
why? you know somebody there?

yeah, i do, i'm not even sure if he is still be there now.
i have to try and find him.