he even tried to get rid of me,
he tried to kill me and made sure i did not go to the cops.

i'm surprised that you're still breathing.

it was a organisation that helped me.

organisation?

enough, i've already told her too much it is

told her? her, who?

leave me alone, i can't deal with you right now.

looks like you're going to withdraw.
and with me, sitting here, no dealer would come with 20 feet with you 
so i suggest you start talking.

i, i was saved by the "baby".

the "baby"?

go to a pub, called Candy, you can find him there.

wait, who's this baby you're talking about?

he is a wagwin of the streets.
he is also a high official of 2 major political party.
after the wall fell, the baby tried to create a town of only pure blooded germaners
but his plan failed, now he is coming back.

but why he do it?but why he bother saving you?

the darkness.
after the Berlin wall fell, the great darkness was created.
a monster, a monster was born.

a monster?

now, leave me alone, i've already said everything to that girl, you understand?

what girl?

she came for revenge, pointing a gun at me.
she is the daughter of that old couple we murdered.

you ,you saying Ana?

i mean Lina, Lina Fortel came to see you then.

the baby said to me that i was to send that girl to him if i ever saw her, or if she ever showed up around this parts.
he said that she is important to you as a bait.

he is using her as a bait?

you don't give up, do you?
you're going to be a regular coming back all the time.
how about i arragement you for a hour to settle the night in a total waste.

you are the one who said i would get a trouble if did business without the baby's permission

we get ourselves month they want. 
yeah, not so clever now, are you?

is this the girl who keeps asking to see the baby? 

yes, sir.

it seems you are getting your wish.
don't keep him waiting.

please wait right here, Ms.
stand at that [imortive]
if you so be kind.
directly over the [irish], please
yes, much better.

now tell me, Lina fortel,, does this song rise you with rightdown the souls to your feet.
i have to dance.

the baby told me the day another Hitler was born to us, our contury will be saved.
the girl will be the perfect bear for him.

Lina

how was it you know my name.

this is the least what i know.
you also entered into the name of Ana Libert.
but the former is just as false as the letter.
a rose by any other name does smell sweet
but they call me the baby, so i'm buying it.
come on, let's cut the [---] bit

is it true you know where my brother is right now?

ah, Youhan, right?
good name, yes.

you know, don't you?

what are you going to do when you have your family reunion?

i'm going to take him down.

you shouldn't [rag---] that out [vily---] really, Miss
someone i believe may get hurt.
patients ,dear, why? i'm sure Youhan is searching for you when even as we speak