i lived around here when i was your age.
know this places like the back of my hand.
there is a fellow who buys antiques and stole this rug i stumbled across

what do you mean? don't you have any money left, Mr Halo?

shut you yap already.
i'm hocking this rug so i can get the 2 of us something to eat.
i don't hear you come with....
son of the ..
there girls are neighborhood 

Mr Heckle, what's wrong?

teks, this whole area is full of teks now.

you are so cold early.
it's a fake.

a? what are you talking about?
feel it, hangover and see it.
you can't fake this kind of quality.

it's synthetic
tell you what, i'll give you a hunderd Marks for it and have a shared [sym]

more like [---] you chicanery
the german guy who had this place would give me 10 grands

well, you can take it or leave it.

don't you come crying to me when you release that my rug is a real deal.

that one hanging on the wall is the real deal.

it's a general [---] rug
there is hand of woven silk
look the detail there on the patterns, it's perfect.

150,000 Marks

you should get [---] for a ride.
if you really can tell a good stuff for that crap, i'm fell sorry for you.
we'll out of here, Diter.

hey, i'm getting a kind of hungry.

that rug's real
it's a [hilici], just like he said.
only 150 grand, i could get 150,000 for rug's [fat--] that

come on, let's get something to eat already.

shut up, if i can get my hands on that rug, we would be able to eat everything we want

how do you going to do that?
what are you talking about?

i'm sure we'll think of something.
don't give me that look,
you are hungry, aren't you?

whatever, theif.

what? put your socer in, you little pat, juese.

hold on a second, what do you think you are going?

sorry, but i'm not looking for buy.
that's not i meant.
are you crazy, a Asian like you, is going to get killed if you walk in a place like that.
they don't take care a kind of foreigner there.

but you're a Turkish, aren't you?
is that all right for you be doing business around here?

what are you, stupid?
i wouldn't do business dump like this.
a friend of mine was just adopted by a bunch of guy who are regulars there.
it seems like she found out some secrets there.

a secret?

i don't know what it is about, but i have to find before something bad happens.
who knows what they will going to do her.

a woman i know in ther too.
i have to get her out.

who is she? what does this woman look like?
does she have a long brown hair?

i don't know, i couldn't tell you what she looks like right now.

becuase they just took a young blone girl away in a cae.

where did they take her?

hey, how should i know?
but the baby is with them, so they probably went to the mansion.

the baby? what kind of the car? what color was it?

it was big red, i don't know.

all right then, i have to track down that car before it was too late.

wait, you have to do something to help my friend too.
please help her, she has a small baby, if something happend to her, please.

you're still alive, this is my lucky day.