this way please. 
without your gun
on this point, i'm afraid i must insist.

thank you for your coroperation

go ahead, say whatever you like.

en, so the baby brought you in here
i was [for---], let me say your face.

goodness, but i should have known you to be quite a beaty 
after all, you are Youhan's twins sister.

my name is professor [--], and the man standing next to Youhan in the picture is general Fors.
we created this organization along with [parental] other like minded indivisuals.
where are my manners?
would you care for some food?

no thank you, i want to see Youhan.

[---] see him you will

once he know that you are here, and no force on earth could keep him away.
the boy suffers madly in your absence

you people don't know where Youhan is either, do you?

we need him, his country needs him.
we for sure hope him fulfill his destiny
do you have any idea how Hitler became [posses] such power?
it's because he saw the three things a person what have to do to gain control of a country  

manipulate the banks, fill the war machine and take command of the military
i'm sure Youhan is working on one of those things right now.
or 2, really it is a question of if, not when.

what exactly  do you plan to do with Youhan?

think of it, Hitler bent a wick nation to this will using nothing but rock charisma.
all that from a man who only made corporal 
a man from art school wouldn't let him in.
his charisma appeared after he had his 30s.
not so with you brother Youhan.
he was a little of man even as a minor boy, charisma of [---] porpostions 
but even Juese christ had help
considered the 3 major and [----] to heal the [---] arrival into the world 
how they ready the way for his glory?
like why is for all of us have been keeping track of Youhan's talent ever since he is a little boy.
exciting, what would you say?

what is it you want with me?

please accept our hospitality until Youhan comes looking for you at the very least.
actually, i'm afraid i must insist you know too much for us to let you walk away now

don't worry about that, i came here of my own intention
i'll wait here for Youhan

then we agree.
now then, you should at least try the food

good, you finally wake.
don't look so worry.
we are not going to hurt you, not right away at least
so what brings you into my little slight of the world, doctor Tenma?

wait, how do you even know what my name is

why do you leave the questions to me?
now you have to do the answer.
why exactly what you sloping aroud, i know you are looking for Youhan.
but i can't figure out why.

where are you keep Lina?

i told you leave the questions to me, did i not?

what are you going to do with her?

why do you insist doing this to me?

Lina is our guest
wheras you are just a metal piece of trash to be disposed.

so is she ok?

at the moment, but that will change soon enough
she is determined to kill Youhan, and we simply can't have that.
always a shame when a pretty girl dies before her tide

you are just using Lina as a bait to drawout Youhan
what are you planing on doing?
where the hell how are you...

that's enough.
what a prisoner in manipulation no right to ask our questions.
there is retless never know them played, that's why we put the Turish gorger to the torture..

[--- corte]?

indeed, the nice guy tommorow will be a thing of beauty, a fine [---].

if i stay here, then i will find Youhan.

Please help, help me.

who, who are you?

please, i beg of you 

ok, where are you riht now.

the third floor.

it sounds that you are speaking with accent.
where are you from?

i'm a Turkish, please, i have to escape
they are going to kill me

have you been taken prisoner by the people here?

help me, please

i can't, they are watching me closly
i have got stay here.

please, help me to escape.
i have to wander other [resume] , my baby will die too.

tommorow night, we are celerating in none of Youhan's home coming.
only the members of the pure master raise like us deserve to survive.
everything else should just burn away.

i've already heard they are talking, they're going to burn it all down tomorrow night.
they are going to destory the turkish [--] town.
help me, please help me.