Outstanding
yes,his skills are truely unmatched
the aneurysm was in such a delicate location,yet he clipped it off so effortlessly
Indeed ,Other perfect operation by the peerest doctor Tenma
I was finally able to observe the geniue surgeon at work for myself.
No ,i couldn't have done that  without your help.Thank you all very much.It is not a midday already,isn't it?
You know that surgery did going on for almost 6 straight hours,we don't have anymore patients today,you should go rest

(Sound of cry)

Mamy,where is daddy?what happened to daddy?
(Sound of cry)


Wake up, sleepy head.it's time to wake up,doctor Tenma
en...,looks like roles have been reversed.It should be a princess like me who is welcomed for a gentle kiss.
Eva,when did you get here?

I guess you did forget about our date,didn't you?
No, I didn't forget.
(I'm here, in Dusseldorf, with east german treat commander who flew to the West, appeared before the press yesterday along with his family. 
Mr and Mrs Libert appeared to be in a fine experience along with the fratertnal twins.
The family will remain in Dusseldorf for a unkonwn period of time before moving to a home provied by the local goverment authorities. 
We will be following this story with great interest.
)


I feel i'm still exhausted

hey, wake up ,look the TV，they are talking about you.
(------
it seems to be recovery well after-undergoing surgery.
Doctor Heineman,director of [----] memorial hosiptal where the surgery was performed, 
is hoding a press conference now. we take the live. )
(Mr Rosenbarh's diagnose shows the ruptured aneurysm is in his cranial artery,the operation went smoothly,including the sucessful
clipping of the patient's cerebal hemorrhage  )
(Mr [R] has a quite large following,what's the change of full recovery ?)
(Yes , well ,we will certainly do whatever is necissary for him to be able to sing again )
(Doctor Heineman's surgical team has compeleted many difficult surgerys,including Mr [Rosenbarh].
However, with this later sucess , they have affirmed our country standards in the medicine world)

Is that wonderful,Kanzou?
It was not even about me. It was all about your father.
Well ,That may be ture.But it's only becauese you did such a wonderful job last night, working as a part of father's team.I am sure he appreciates all your hard work,since you are the one who's responsible for rising the hosiptal's reputation.
No ,I'm the one who should be grateful.
I mean, after all,it's thanks to you father that i acually able to work here in Germany.
Hanging in there ,kenzou.If you stick with father, your future is granted.
It won't be long before father become the chairman of the board.
Soon after that, you will become the cheif of surgery, and then cheif director.
It means that i will be the director's wife. You better make me happy, kanze, because hardship doesn't suit me.
You still want to go out that date, or should we just...
