that address is 16 Lake street, someone named Fortel fired missing person report that day

there should be some more information in here, somewhere, here it is.

oh, man

what is it, what did you find?

hi,doc, you said the killer will come to take that sister away the day when she truned 20, is that right?
if the boy in this article is her twin brother, now see for youself.
his birthday is printed on it.
those twins are turning 20 today.

hi, dad, it's me, i just finish up with work, i'm going to be meeting up a friend, 
and then i will be coming home.

yeah, at Heidelberg Castle.

Really? your mom is making a birthday cake, so don't stay out too late.

was that Lina,dear?

yeah, she is meeting a friend  before coming home. i'm wondering who this friend is.

Lina is a big girl now.

Maybe this will help me to remember things
i want to know who i really am.

so doc, what are you going to do with this girl at the Fortel's residence.

whatever is going on, one thing is for sure. they are in danger, so i will 
call the police, and see if they can send over a car

hahaha, you think the police is just going to show up
Releax, nothing's happened yet, doc

but if we wait util then it will be too late.

nothing's going to happen, come on. This's all in your head. 

hey, doc, listen up.
I know what i am talking about, i actually went to the crime scene of 
the 4th middle age couple murdered in cold .

There are something unusual about those crimes

No motive, no vengeance, no bitterness, nothing.
yeah, just seem like whoever did these wanted to kill for killing sake.

I have been in report for a long time, something tells me you are way off base this time around,doc.
Honestly, do you really think that a 20 years old kid could be a such cold boold killer? 
There is no way a kid could do something like that. 
it's something a whole lot worse.

how could be any worse?

that's just it

i have a hard time finding the words to describe that case
whenever i try to describe it, the whole thing just sounds so corny, but the truth is that was a devil's work.
one thing for certain, doc, if i had a half chance, i'd snuff that guy in a heartbeat.

16 Lake street, this is it.

good-evening, sorry to bother you so late

yes?

I'm sorry to bother you, sir. my name is [MOYOU], i'm from Heidelberg Post.

so you're a newspaper reporter?

yeah, i would like to ask you some questions

what about?

well, the missing person's report that you file for your son in 1986.

i have got nothing to tell you.

I'm sorry, sir. but you need to talk to us , please listen, we know that you have a girl living with you, 
the twin sister of the boy disappeared 9 years ago, it is important, please answer me.

son of god, I saw a cake, i just saw the mother in there, she was holding a birthday cake.

9 years ago ,you took in a set of twins and the sister is still living with you both, well, isn't she ? 

please leave, Lina is our daughter, we're a family ,it is that simple.
please don't cause any unnecessary trouble, just leave us alone, please.
 
you took in a pair of twins 9 years ago, the little boy has surgical scars on his head,
the girl in amenesia, the boy disappeared, isn't that right?

Mr.Fortel ,listen to me. you get to call the police now, all your lives are in danger,
your daughter's and your own.

Mr [MOYOU]?

what? what are you talking about? what do you mean?

Look, it's very important we talk to your daughter.

she is not home at the moment, she is out.

a?

where? where did she go?

she's gone to the Heideble Castcle, she said she will meet a friend there.

Please let me borrow you car.

no way, we get call the police station first.

we don't have time to waste to explain things to the police, give me the keys, quickly.

All right, you go on ,i will call them by myself.

thank you.

hey, doc, listen, be careful, like i told you before, this guy is the devil,
don't die on me, you get that?

Mr [MOYOU], i...

you'd better come back alive, you hear me? 
i promise follow your advices and finally quit smoking, so get back quick 

your wife would be glad to hear that.

oh, boy, how i supposed to explain this to the police.

his daughter...

what's going on, is our daughter all right?

what is it? what's happened?

don't wrorry, she is will be fine. but i need to use your phone.

what had happened to our daughter?

please tell us, just tell us already 
 
Clam down ,lady.

what the hell of this, it's dead, the phone line has been cut.

Please, Ana, just hang in there, hold on

it's getting pretty late, he is probably not coming, well ,i guess that message must be a prank after all. i'm going home.

you cann't do that.
you cann't go, you have to wait here.

who are you?

he told me, i'm supposed to make sure you wait right here. 
i just tell you to wait here, don't you understand what i am saying?

wait, i'm supposed to keep you wait here, lady,
it's my job to keep you here.

Ana, i guess they call you Lina now.
do you remember me ,i'm doctor Tenma.
thank god, you're ok.

Ana?doctor Tenma?

let's go, back to your house

are you my priness charming?

who the hell are you?

don't interfere, you can't interfere in this.
she needs to stay here.that's all there is to it.
if she doesn't, i want, i want.

i would not get paid, bastard 
he said no one else should be supposed to show up

hey, are you all right?

yeah, but how on earht did you?

I need something to tie up him with quick.

tell me. who put you up to this.

i don't know, ok.

when does he come back here ,what did he say?

look, i don't know, all he said he would be back as soon as he was done with something very important here to take care of.

oh, god, he [---] a house

come on, we have to come back to your house right away.

why? what' s going on

i 'll explain it to you later. we have to get hurry, Ana.

Ana?

let's go

you have to untie me

please tell me ,who on earth are you, doctor Tenma.
you get wrong, my name is not Ana, i'm Lina

no, but that's not your name, when you were brought to my hostipal, you were Ana, and your brother, your brother'a name  was [YOUHAN]

my brother....