Good morning, Lina

Good morning.

You are looking much better, i'm so glad.

I'm really scared when you faint by that, you know.

I guess you really didn't like the boy we have [---] with you.

no, that's not at all.

i just feel sick all of the sudden. I need to apologize to him.

Never mind, you don't need to worry about him. Trust me.

it turns out when we talk [about the articles], i find out he was not your Prince Charming on the white horse after all.
yes, we asked, he said he didn't know anything at all about these email messages.

oh, really?

so ,you're saying that you fainted right after you saw this particluar boy at your campus.

Yes.

well  what did this fellow look like?

I only saw him for second, i'm really not sure.

And do you remember exactly what you feel at your monment when you saw him? 

i remember i felt [estargic]

en...

but, maybe not. i don't know how to explain it.

go on.

just take it wasy, don't force yourself.

absolutely evil.

en???

i don't know how to put it, but, yes, it felt just like when i used to have that nightmare.

en, absolutely evil, it sounds more like it has to do with you religious believes.

i don't think so, i'm not really want to go to church regularly.
but i think if i have seen this young man to get  may help claim fire something for me

you're thinking this may help you to recover your memories, is that it?

yes.

I suggest there is one way to get about it, but i don't think you should allow this 
to disturbe the piece you have.
it is important you continue to focus on your future, and road ahead.

can i?

don't wrorry, just work up sweating when doing your [---]  and your desirety will disappear.

hi,[---], so you put up another overnight?

yeah.

BTW, i'm just wondering would  you the one that you told the person he can use the file room?

the weirdo one.

i ask him what he was doing there, he said you've gave him permission to look through archives

you mean he is still in there?

Hey, you. time to hit the road.

hey, are you all right?
Hey...

come on, eat up.

thank you

Good, isn't it?

i always come to here for breakfeast.

so, don't you even hit a home then, what about your family?

I have got one, my wife walked out on me a while ago.

a...

i was always too busy with the work, before i knew it, my wife left with our daughter and moved back with our parents 

don't you ever think about trying to [pach] something with her?

why would i do that? she's the one walking out on me, why should i after be the one to go after her?

oh, it just seems like you regret spending so much time on work.

it's completely nonsense.

Work is priority number 1, you hear.
Any woman can understand such a simple fact, welcome her to leave if she wants.

sorry about that, i don't mean to pray.

this's right, this is none of your business.

oh, another thing, please do forgive me, 
but you smoke too much, as a doctor, i suggest you cut back.

i told you aleady, this is none of your business.
you begin to think like a wife mind.

well, what's so bad about that? it means she cares about your health.

just mind your own business.

is that means a birthday present?

Yes, i was finally able to finish it.

Godnees, i remember what her sweaters used to be this tiny.

Honey, do we really have to tell her? does she have to know she is not our real daughter.

why not just leave it alone?

you're right, there is no point to tell her that, now.
Lina is our daughter, that's all the true to it

i'm home.

welcome back.

i'm so hungry, all i'm have to do is focusing on my future,
yes, maybe doctor [guideness] us right after all.

see you tommorow at 7pm at Heidebel castle your birthday.
Tommorow, atat Heidebel castle.

I'm a very busy man, i have been staring a newpaper cliping over 2 days.
i admire your gunption, don't you think it's the time to give up?

en...

hey, doctor, if, i say if i walk to ass my wife to come home again,
do you really think she will give another girl?

yeah, if you kick that happen one day.

what is it?

found it.

11 years old boy goes missing, there is a prossibility that the child has been abducted
but there have been no ransom demands made as of yet. 



























 

we ask about the 
  

