Mr[---], you haven't bathed for days, have you? and you have been wearing that same shirt for a half of week, you promised you'd shower every other day.

quit nagging me, will you?

you have a visitor in the reception area. All right, i'm going home.Listen, you're going to make you own coffee, ok?

A visitor? At this time at night?

Yeah, he hasn't bath either. you'll like him, he smells almost as bad as you do

Give a rest.

well, whatever.

who's fault is it that i haven't been able to take a bath anyway
she's completely oblivious to the fact that it's because of me, we still have a work.
Even this paper has no future.No hard is that to figure out.
Jesus..,sorry to keep you waiting.

en, hello, my name is Tenma, sir, and i've come here to ask for your help.

She was right, he certainly looks filthy

I see, so you are a doctor. Oh, you don't look like one.
Let me get this straight.I just want to make sure we're in the same page.
So, what you're saying is the infamous  serial killer who's been executing middle age couples through-out Germany has a next target in the Heidelburg?
this particular couple have a adopted daughter.
you saying, when that girl turns 20, the killer will take her away.
and when he does show up, the forter parent are going to be killed.
you've no idea who the girl or the parent are, but you want to save them.

Hahahaa...

if that's not delusional, i don't know what it is.

i'm not joking about this, you have to believe me.

what a loader who we, not even a third rate tabloid would buy that story.

Look, i didn't come here to sell you a story.
After the twins escaped, they disappeared. It was least 6 months that went by before the brother was seen in Munich.

so, what's your point?

I believe after they left hispital, those children must have come here, to Heideburg together.

you know this is just your theory

And then, there 2 of them were raised by the twin sister's current forster parent,
but the brother run away from home after a short period, leaving the sister behind.

why don't you write a novel? probaly would sell though.

wait, maybe the parent reported the missing child with the police, or there might be a newspaper article about it from 9 years ago.

All that i'm asking is to look through your archives from the past 9 years, i'm begging you.

wait, please. there mustn't be anymore victims, the killing has to be stopped. Listen to me.

the boss is allergic to technology. Reduced versions as well as the original archives from 9 years ago.
and the rest of these articles, they never did make it to print.

Thank you very much.

so said some sort of Japanese bow. well Domo, arigato 

Let me say this, it doesn't mean that i believe you. i just don't have time to listen.
show yourself up when you've done looking at that, you get that?

God, why do i always have to deal with the weirdos .

Please, Please, Let me find it....































































































