5 years ago, a covid bank organization with form of the facility, the underground funds flowing through our Germany
what these guys pulled off, absoultely amazing.
within days of the dirty money flowing into [---] companies would come out the other side, perfectly clean.

the money laundering operation

exactly, and top of that, this organization's function did many ways like a real bank.
making launders, and inversting, and specular transaction, and grew unbelievable fast

in 5 short years, they made a fortune.

how damn

but that all change this year.
because the man who've been running this show suddenly vanished
he's not been seen in a month, no one knows where he went.
guess what happen then, all of it fell apart.
the entire operation exploded.
the associates, the remain started fighting over who get what was left and who would be in charge.
most of them ended up killing each other.
and the entire operation disappeared.
if only they've been sensible,and talk things up, or show a fine dinner

so, you think that guy got muredered or he just ran off?

a?

keep up, doc
i mean the hit hunting guy who disappeared.
so kidnapped, murdered, what do you think?

oh, no, i'm quite sure he is still alive
and in fact, he might be as a student somewhere.

a student?

en, that's right. i forget to tell you, i left out something important 
according to my sources, the guy who created the money laundering organization 5 years ago was just a kid, 15 years old

15 years old, your sources must be nuts
no way a kid could pull off something like that.

but it was sure, this kid did it.
this is if you were conducting as his own experiment to see how he dealt and steal with money
as though he were a children, planning around with a line of [---]

where was all of this?
do you know where this covid operation was based?

the organization with headquarter is in Dorsdorfor
but the kid at the top was constantly on the move, he controlled the entire operation from where he was, you know

and did anybody figured out the last place that he was seen before he disappeared?

that is all the details i know.
but i heared right after the young boss were missing, all of his money [---] and rushing to Munich.

to Munich?

hey. doc? why the long face? what is going on?

ai

i know, let's invite that man down the hall for lunch

sure, why not, that's a good idea

sorry, doc, but that man is my bodyguard, he is needed to stay on there

but happen you've been offically declaimed died alrealy.
you still think there are people out there who want to do you harm 
are you planning  to live the rest of your life in fear, hidding behind a bodyguard

Almot's been with me for a very long time indeed.
go ahead, son, go on and get Almot

so, that is his name, he wouldn't talk to me at all

i bet, go in and tell him that his duties of my bodyguard are over.
he is the only one left who is like a family to me
ask him to join us 
after he come here, so we can discuss our future at this table

ok.

Mr Almot, Lunch time. they want you to come up and join us

Tenma is right up there at the mountain vally.
you do want to kill him, don't you?

is something a matter?

that was the security signal from Almot.

unfortunately, i think he is alrealy dead.

wait, someone is coming after you?

there is no telling, but there is someone is heading up here as we are speaking

Mr Almot, sir.