what do you like about him?

i know you're there, crowning around where you are pretty stupid to shot me again.
i've already told you, if i die, that picture of Youhan is a child that you want so badly.
a lot of them might be sent straigt to the BKA
i mean it, this is your last warning
if you ever want to see that photo that you'd better get the hell out of here right now.

so that photo you've got, something that he really wants

it's a lie
it might not work, he is too smart to fool for such a trick.

lady, are you feel all right?

i'm starting to fade, i've lost a lot of blood.
now, go, get out of here, save yourself

i can't just leave you
Tenma is on his way.

he wouldn't better be here by now

he's got to be headed here, i mean it,
 
look, there is no way he would ever come to save me 
i think it's waste of time

Diter, Diter, where are you?

Tenma, i'm over here.

just stay there, i'm coming to get you, Diter.

don't move, if you try to come to get us, there is a man here, he is going to shot you 
that's why he comes here, Tenma.
to kill you

wait, i know that voices, but it can't be.

Tenma, this lady is friend of yours.
she's been shot and she's been bleeding a lot.

it's Eva.

you can't die now, now what i'm so close, i'm handling you over to the police
you can run jail for the rest of your life 
you hear me? you've got decades of suffering ahead of you.
i want every waking moment i hate for dumping me

stop shouting, you're stringing yourself 

hey, Diter, just tell me if you can hear me, ok?
can you tell me where the shot is?

no, i don't know.
i have got no clue where it is
there is even still here

stop yelling to him.
i need Tenma alive

hang in there, he is getting close.

he is not coming, Diter, you're wrong.
he would never come to my rescue 
it's all over for me

don't die, please.

i would here ever for rescuing me 

Kanzu

what's all this? why do you bring me out here?

it's time for lunch.
your legs have been healing nicely 
and i thought that you would enjoy lunch outside in this beautiful sunshine
you're a lucky woman, you know?

what do you mean "lucky"?

just that.
the guy that shot you was a real pro, you know what he was doing.
he understood our difficulties that would be for him [infortreat--] this mountain valley
as only one path to get out of here, and our security cameras are everywhere.
he also knew this valley would be guarded by a experienced man
so it would be like you was attacking a alpine fortress
that was the reason he used you.

hold on, what do you mean he used me?

it's simple, he must have figured that 
a pretty woman making an unexpected visit would have much better chance to get all the way up there than he would
but when you betrayed him, the old plan was suck.
he had no plan B, no other options for him.
so he got out of here quick,and cut his losses.

so he got away.

that's right.
we search the whole mountain.

this is a special dish, it is called the Chicken [---].
i try to recreate the recipe
but i can't guarantee it will be any good.
you know there is another way you are very lucky
you are lucky to have a great doctor, like doctor Tenma treating you

so is Tenma still here?

no, he already left.

where to?

think he said something about going to Munich

Munich?

all right. let's see if you and i can enjoy this chicken.
i get a feeling you're like me
i bet it's been a long time since to settle down and enjoy a meaning peace.