Boold pressure 180/80 pulse 92
i will begin extracting the bullet

bullet is extracted

Remove process is completed

It's a little early to be relieved.we must still reinforce the wall of damage blood vessels.
en,right
8-0 prolene
Yes

his current blood pressure is 128/72 and his pluse is 88
it looks like he is still under the effect of anesthesia.
 
live on,kid.survive and have a good life

oh, doctor boier,how did everything go?

it looks like proceduces went smoothly on your side
yes,the surgery went well at least

the mayor was not so lucky

Really,is that so? that's a very unfortunate news

you act like that his die has nothing to do with you
ah?
the truth is ,doctor ,you are the one who abandon our team,just before surgery 2

No,but wait, that child was brougt in before the man

what was the matter? who the hell cares about who came in first.
the problem is you selfishly let the man short ,we had to scramble to cover for you at thelast minutes,and somebody died

no , wait a minute ,just listen to me.

we sent a team,doctor Tenma.You're aware that i follow the director's orfers and i clearly instruct you to perform that surgery on the mayor , did i not?
however,you chose to ignore that order.

But ,doctor, you have to understand ,that time...

The sucessful surgery depends on the trust among the entrie staff,it's a team effort, and yet you choose to act on your own
I've already give the report to the director. You deeply regret this incident, This will greatly affect our hispital's reputation.
you're only yourself to play

sir,wait ...please wait

Doctor Tenma, things look very good.
At the moment, the boy's blood pressure is 140/82 , pluse 84 ,overall,sir, the boy vitals are very stable

I see,that's good to hear.
I just want to say,sir, the operation was amazing

After collapsing on the holiday re-treat,mayor passed away at hosipital where he was being treated.
As soon as the sudden death  was made pubilc,people began flocking to the city hall with flowers, reminiscing on the life of the mayor

A press conference has been held at [---] memorial hosipital where the mayor was taken.
Mayor [--] cause of death was cerebral infarction caused by severe infarctions of inner carotid artery.
we certainly did everything we could for him, but the condition caused intense swelling of the brain and it resulted in the mayor's untimely death.
As for naming the successor,the city offical explain the congress steps will be taken to assure the new mayor chosen as soon as possible

I have to get some sleep.

we now move on to the murder of Mr/mrs Libert which took place later last night.
Juding form clues on the crime scene, police believe this might be either a robbery or a political motivated terrorist act against the couple who had recently fled here from the East.
A full investigation is currently on the way.
Tragically, one of the couple's twin children, a young boy suffered a gun shot wounded in the head.
Although the surgery was successful, the boy has not yet regained consciousness, and he is still in critical condition.Now ,the weather,the whole contry...

That is a shame,I wouldn't like that happen to that boy. No way ,i'm just like him now

Mrs Hi,i see you are complaing that you have a hard time of sleeping.That is ,do you think we can give some to help sleep.

Doctor Tenma,are you listening to me?
oh,yes ,i'm sorry.Yes, that case, give her one [house] of tablets,that should help her get some sleep.
What is with him today,he has been spacing out all day long.