Blood pressure 128 over 64

Spatula
I will now scrape the ----

Wow... 
As usual, you did a magnificent job, doctor Tenma.
Thank you very much.
But it seems to me that your talent extends beyond what you are
Now, you are the header of nerval surgery at such a young age.
you've become the golden boy -----front of director and cheif surgery.
On top of taht, you even capture the heart of director's daughter
what exactlly are you trying to say,doctor?
Sorry, I am not suggest you did anything wrong here.
After all, hospital are ruled by politics.Come on, you do relize that you are be used by the director now,don't you, doctor Tenma?
I mean, take that amazing surgery performace on that opra singer, he acted like he performed by himself.
Even held a televised press conference. Well,if he is using you, that must mean you are gifted.
When you do become suceful,don't forget godd old Beck.I will buy you drink next time,Tenma.

May I help you?
Are you doctor Tenma?
I am.
Give me back  my husband,Give me back  my husband 
Tell me ,just tell me ,why didn't you operate on my husband?

Who are you?

My husband way die, and he was brought to this emergency room first.
He came a long before that stupid opera singer was here.But you made him wait to be operate on.
Everyone says that you supposed to be the best surgeon in this entire hospital.Why?why?why?
I remember now.

I was about to start a surgery on a turkish man injured in a construction accident.
Doctor,Tenma.
Yes,sir.
You should not be here right now,doctor. Get over to OR 1 immediately. These are the director's orders,doctor,so,please hurry.

Why?If you had operated on him,he would survive. Why? Bring him back to me.Bring him back.

And then my friend and I start to fight over that dress, it was the only one they had that size, can you believe that? 
But don't worry abot it, of course,it was mine in the end.
Hey, are you listening?

Yeah

is the someting wrong? You seem distracted.
I check the records, and the surgeon who operated on that turkish man was doctor Beck.
Why are you still taking about that?

If you look back over the charts that  clearly showed what happen, Beck took too long time to treat that man.
I don't kown, but i think if i perform the surgery on my own and that may be able to save his life.
Do we have to talk about this in this dinner?
But, what does she want from me, anyway?I was just following orders form director when i perform that surgery on that opera singer.I'm not responsible .
Well ,am I?
of course not.After all, people's life are created equal.
Give me back.Give me back my husband,bring him back.

Is that the house?
Yes,one of neighbor calls in.
How many shots were fired?
5 or 6, sir.
Who lives in this house.

Well, it seems, it seems to be the residence for the Libert family,he recently flew here from east Germany. 
This is going to turn to be a big mess.

we are charing there with counting 3. one , two , three.

This is bad
what happen here?
someone there

There are appeared to be one survivor, a girl. A man and a woman are die,a boy's in critical condition,i repeate, one boy's in critical condition
and a emergency?
A bullet in the head?Is that boy the only patient?
Yes, his parents were DOA, it seems to be a robery
All right ,then .I'am get 5 mins outside.I should be there shotly.

Oh,father.
Goodevening,doctor,halima.I'm terrible sorry for keeping your percious daughter out too late.
what are you talking about ,Tenma?It's all right.Eva is your fiance,isn't she?
Now, what are we standing here?Coming in ,have some tea.

So, tell me something.Have you notified your parents about your wedding day yet?
Yes,sir.But my father runs a small hospital back home, so i'm not sure if he will be able to take the time and come over away to Germany 
Well,wouldn't it be a good opportunity for him to take some time off and enjoy a leisure trip overseas?
Yes, they should come, we are taking the expense anyway.

