Hey
Doctor Becker, it is you.
how it looks like you are going through a bad tough time.Come on ,face up ,have you heared something from the director yet?
en..
I did try to warn you ,didn't i? I told you the hospital is ruled by politics,I knew what i was talking about.
if you play your cards rihgt,i'm sure that your future would have been smooth sailing.
oh,well,i guess what this means that you and i on the same boat now ,my young friend. 
oh, come on, Tema. don't be so depressed.I know you get a chance to redeem your sooner or later.
what do you say we go and get some drinks, that will put some smiles on your face?

Hold on a second, nurse.Execute me, i still need a statement from the girl. would i be able to question her now?
sorry,detective, this is not a good time. That girl has just disappeared from her room.
what do you say?
Seems like she is always slipping out of her room,wandering all over the hospital.
Ah...

kill...kill...kill...

And so the reason that [---]memorial hospital has been proved to be the nation's leading medical facility is first and foremost,
because we are bleesed to have excellent personnel such as yourselves and i would take this opportunity to thank every single one of you for that  
Unfortunately,as you all konw, yesterday, the mayor passed away in our hospital. of course,as always, we did our diagnise to save his life.
And because of that the hisptical's repution remains intact.In appreciation, let's have a round of applause for doctor Boyer and doctor [---], who strive to the very end to try and save the mayor's life.

I look over your thesis, young man, you did a excellent job.Please keep up the good work, all right?
hahhah

Execuse me, i'm so sorry and i apologize for what happen,sir.

no no no, my boy,don't worry. what's done is done.
Director?

You did what you thought was best, you followed your heart, why don't we just leave it that?
Thank you,sir.

Ladies and gentlemen, may i have your attentions, please?Now a word from the head nerval surgery.

please,execuse me,it looks like i'm being called up there.

No,you're not, Tenma

Allow me introduce the newly appointed,doctor Boyer.please make your way to the microphone

but sir,what does this mean?

If you wish to remain at this hospital,you may do so. but you'd better give up any dreams of furthering your status
It's not possible for ir-responsible people such as your-self.

I recognise your skills as a surgery,but that is it. 
And you can forget about presenting a research paper at the future conference.

but,but sir,listen to me...

and if you decide to tranform to another hisptical,i have no intention of recommending you.
In other words, it is useless for you to harbor any ambitions,you have successfully tied a loop around your own neck,Tenma

Successful surgery requires team work.It is only with everyone's help and coroperation and we can help to save lives.

Eva
Eva,please,you have to talk to you father for me,make him see i've not done anything wrong.
what i did was operate on a emergency patient who was brought first,nothing else.

Wait, is that.the engaged ring i give you?
Spare me, Kenzu, you're such a fool.

Eve,why?

Doctor Norton, you're looking very handsome in this evening.
Oh,thank you ,you're looking special beautiful tonight your-self,Eve.