it is quite ironic ,really.
I came to Germany after i discovered one of the director Hinemann 's papers.
As soon as i get here, he takes me under his wing.
so Now, it all makes sense the paper i was so impressed with, it was probably written by someone else.
someone who was grooming ,just like he has been doing with me all the time.
I knew that he was really just using me, but i was hoping that when i reached a certain status, i'm be able to make my own choices with what i want to work on.

Our priority is to progress medicial scholars before we save lives,don't you agree?

That's not ture, the doctor's priority is to save every we can.

After all, people's life are not created equal.

everyone's life are equal. i don't care what they say.
i'm not wrong, he is.
He tells me there is a flaw in my character and what about him? he says he is a doctor,but he is just a greedy bastard.
bastard...bastard...bastard..
he'd be better off dead.

I have to thank you, I have to thank you, because you help me to open my eyes as a doctor.
So survive and live a good life, after all, i did throw away everything in order to save you

That's how far i went to get you life back, and i will do that again.

You know your name, don't you? Your name is Ana Libert, am i right?

oh...

i did try to warn you that all is a bit too sooner for her,detective.

is there anything we can do, doctor?

She saw her parents got shot to death. She is fine physically, and i thing her trauma induced amnesia is nature, given this circumstances.

Is there any chance you might be able to wait to get statement from her after she gets better?

Not really, this is a very difficult case. one of the victim was fromer east german [---man], if we are not able to solve this case quickly, BKA will be all over our backs.

Those guys always come here to after the truth and try to steal the show for us. I have get time to take things easy

oh, what if we do this?yeh, we let her see her brother, and then should probably be so relieved to see him and that it might help her regain the memory.

I can't possibly agree such a risky propsition that is completely out of question.

Besides, i am sure doctor Tenma would never permit such a thing.

Tenma?

He is in charge of Johan,her twin brother.

Yeh,sure,feels like i'm getting the [----] around.


Hey,doctor Tenma, you seems a bit out of it, are you alright? I mean you are looking awfully tired this morning.

I have been so busy with the emergency surgeries.

well,it seems like they have been working you to the bone. Well, ever since you're motived for the chief.

well,I don't mind really, it actually makes me feel better.

How are you really doing, doctor?

I'm sorry, i've just been paged, i need to go.

Are you so sure it's a good ides to keep on going on like this? Hard working won't get you anywhere.
Look at these, doctor, Hinemann. Look at all the gifts and letters of couragement.

Yes, there're mountains of them as his sister as well.

The media keeps reporting on the twins heart breaking sudden after losing their parents.Now they are on their own.This is what we get.
As far as hospital's concerned with no one alive to pay their medical expenses and nothing, but inconvenience.

No,no. so their story is a pitiful one, and it works for us.

[-----] hospital is garnering attention.Think about it moment, doctor. These kids are very valuable to us ,am i right, or amn't i?
Yes,sir

Why don't we do this, we give the midia a photo of siblings together. They are probably been throat to have something like that.

Yeh, that something that the media is requiring for some time now, but the thing is...

Just do it ,don't be naive.It will be a picture of orphaned siblings struggling bravely to survive under the warm hearted care of our hospital staff
However,sir, the boy's intending position says it is still too early to allow them to see each other.

Who's own this case?

it's doctor Tenma.
not anymore.

what's that?

there is no need to leave him out of position, that's getting so much attention,just take doctor Tenma of the case.

This is the heartfelt gift from the citizens.Why don't you have one?

Thank you.

You're looking well,Mrs.Haikou. How do you feel?
I'm feel quite well, doctor, and it's all to you, thank you. 

we will remove your stitches very soon,so it won't be long util you released. 

You mean i'm be able to go home soon?

that's right,just make sure you follow my instructions, all you have to do is rest.

of course, i will, doctor. 

She'll need regular doses of anti convulsants and anti hypertensives, OK? 

Ana, wake up.
what happen to her?

Doctor Tenma, we brought her here to see her brother, and then she just, she just starts screaming again

why don't you do that?

Doctor Tenma
Take her back to her room

Yes,sir

Doctor Boyer,mind you tell me what's this about? Why the carema?
oh ,this ,well. we want to commemorate the emotional meeting of the twins, then release the picture to the media.

who allow you to do such a thing, i should be consulted, i'm the doctor of the boy. Damn it.

You're dismissed as the boy's intending position.

As today, he is my patient, so i made my own judgement, it would be fine for twins to see each other 

who's children? you get them into the media circus

we are just following the director's orders.and i think it woulbe be best for you not to fight him.

I save this boy's life, it's my duty to protect him until he fully recovers.

Well, that case, just take a look. As soon as he saw his sister, he reached out her and began to cry.
You see, he's regained consciousness and reacting normally to stimuli, which means the surgery was a great success.
So, good job, your work is done here. now get back to your post, that's a order.

Damn it, Such idiotic clowns.
so [-----] director's orders. make me laugh, who give a damn about what the chief says, bunch of greedy morons

the only motivation of their life is power of money. Screw them.

I'm not wrong , no matter what those bastards think of me.

Hello, father, i'm home .father ,are you in your room?

ah, execute me, doctor Boyer, are you still in a meeting at the time of night?

Screaming...

hello, father, Are you sleeping already, i' m coming in...


That bastard would ,that bastard'd be better off dead. 