oh, doctor Tenma
who's this？

She's the twin sister of the little boy we just brought in.
Any injuries?
No,but she seem to sustain a serious psychological shock
ki...ki....
Yes, what is it?
Kill
Doctor Tenma,the boy's X-ray and CT scan are ready
I understand, i will be there shortly
It enetered the front of the head and stopped at the deep center of the brain.
Yes
This one is definitely going to be difficult.
En...
The bullet touches the left side of the middle cerebral artery,here
well,look at that , the doctor is absolutely right.This one won't be easy
if you adjust the bullet even the slight bite in,the artery could corrupt and cause a mess hemorrhage

en....
Sorry. i'm late
doctor Beck，you're supposed to be on duty,i don't understand how you could be so late
we will do a full frontal craniotomy ,remove bone fragments and terminate the brain matter.
Then we'll remove the bullet very carefully,and lastly repair the material wall
en...
But with little hard work and some luck,i'm certain that we can pull it off.
Blood pressure 120/80,Pulse 92,he is looking good

The anaesthesia's taken effect

oh,there you're,doctor 
Yes...
You should not be here,you're needed in Operate Room 1 immediately
en...
it's critical urgent, Major Rodrigo has suffered a cerebral blood clot

He's being transported here by helicopter,the schedule to arrived is in 10 mins
I think the best thing is to contact the doctor Boya
There is a chance ---- artery is blocked,if that's the case,we want you to operate on him
But,sir ,i can't do that ,i was just about to begin a surgery on that young boy
Yeah....
It's the order from the director
Hello,this is Tenma
Hello,Tenma.Take care of the major,will you? I've contacted doctor Iz and doctor Boye,it will be good to have extra support in case you needed.
But doctor Heydeman,i was about to start another operation right now, i...
Forget it,Just let doctor Beck take that one

With all do repect, the patient i'm about to operate on has a bullet up against his left middle cerebral artery and it could turn into be a very complicated surgery
But i'm confident that I can save him,director.So i'm going to let doctor Boye take care of the major.
I'm the only one who can perform this surgery on that boy.
Tenma,I'm expect you to do everything in your power to save the major.you need to understand something very important.
In the next review medical facilities,the major has promised our hispital a very generous increasing funds, we can't have him die just yet.Do you understand? I'm expecting you will do this.I'm counting on you ,doctor Tenma

Yes,sir.

The major has just arrived on the heli-port ,doctor

After the CT scans are done, do the angiogram
we need to confirm where the antery is blocked.

How about time to get ready, doctor Tenma?

Yeah, we're all counting on those brilliant skills of yours.

"Apperantly,they think we're some kind of some charity or something.Our priority is to progress medical scholars befeor we save lives,Tenma, don't you agree?"
"but what did she want from me anyway, i was just following orders from the director when i perform the surgery on that opra singer,i'm not responsible, will am i?"
"After all, people's life are created equal"

"Bring him back, If you have operated on him ,he will survive.Why?Bring him back to me,bring him back, bring him back, bring him back"

en, well.Is something mattered, doctor Tenma?

I have...I have a surgery to be performed in the other room.

Ah,Where are you going ,doctor Tenma?But, this is the order from the director.

the major's having the CT scan done him now.Doctor,please report to the reading room.

On my way, doctor Tenma, doctor Tenma

hanging on there,kids. I will save you. No matter what.

kill,kill.....
