i don't remember anything after i left this bar.

you mention you have some important in your bag.
if it worths any money, you might as well kiss a goodbye

no, it's not, it's not worth anything at all
not any money of that is

hey, i've been looking for you, i ask for you the [---] back there.
and they told me that you just had headed this direction.

yeah, and who are you?

are you serious? we had a such good drinking last night.

i was drinking with you?

your bag, that's why i was looking for you.
i guess this means i have to make a [--] introductions again.
i'm Rebttle, so should we grab something to eat?

your hotel room, really?
that's terrible, i'm so sorry.

well, whatever, i mean it is not like you did it.

oh, no, obviously not.
i [---] looking your bag

oh, look, my hotel keys are still in there
a little [---] for those, i don't need them any more.

sorry, it's all my fault.
if i return your bag sooner, you would not be kicked out your room in the first place.

hey, it is not fault at all.

besides, i'm very grandful that you give me back my bag.

honestly, i'm kind of grandful that you lost it.

a ?

well, last night that i watched you leave the pub, i was thinking to myself
you should not let this person slip away.
now, thanks to your bag.
here you are, here i'm.
you have something important in there, don't you?

i do
this is all i have left in this world.

oh, a photo ablum.
may i take a look?

you may.

en

that's my father.

he looks just like i'm imaging.
he was a hosptial director, right?

yeah. did i talk about him last night?

you did, you spoke very highly of him.
you mention that he died 10 years ago, i could tell you are still missing him.
let's see, ha, the ex-fiance

please don't tell me i told you about him

i believe that his name was Tenma.
quiet a guy, this Tenma

i really want to know what i said last night.

oh, well, i wouldn't make a habit of him
that may make another man jealous

a? this page is empty.

it's that so.

the photos that were on this page, looks like somebody torn them out

well, i guess i didn't need those pictures any more.

so i see.

hey.

en

let's get a drink.

sounds good.

so, you are running a security company.
i'm impressed

yeah, at south France
then we had a bad day, one of our better clients were killed on my watch.
so, that was the end of that.

we are both going through tough times.

now, forget it, let's drink to the hell now