i see

doctor Tenma, hold on.

No matter what chairman says, please don't give up. I want you to know we are all behind you, so please don't leave the hospital

Let me say this again. i'm [perfroming sovereignty], and that's the reason i'm making you chief of surgery.

what a life! I went against the director's orders and lost my position as chief, then my engagedment to Eve was broken.
and then As soon as i decide to work as a regular doctor without hoping ever to be promoted.

oh,god, what a life this is...

I'm sorry for calling you out of blue, but I'd heared you've been apppointed as a chief of surgery,i'm truly happy for you.

Thank you ,Eve

Kanzu, that day, on my father's funeral, i remember you're trying to comfort me,weren't you?

well

it makes me happy.a lot of things happened between us, but i'd like to start over.

Kanzu?? 
Kanzu, listen, please forgive me, i was wrong, let's start over

Kanzu....

9 years later....

patient to be hospitalized for his spinal cord tumor, his paralysis has accelerated.

I understand, i will do the operation my-self.
Excellent, i'm glad to hear that.

make the arragements for the procedure.
Right.

Have had it with this damn flood. I thought the world would change when the Berlin wall came down 6 years ago. And It did

or worse.
it is true

They talk about unified earth, we just keep getting dumped with the bed.

yeah,the rate of unsolved crimes is definitely on the rise.

Inspector, we have arrived, sir.

both victims had their throats slit

yeah, it is not pretty
their identities?

Mr and Mrs Reichman,from the [----] drive, they were murdered in their home.

we belive they're hidden away in the closet, but were washed out into the open because of the rising fflood-waters
Another mid-age couple murder for greed

In the past 2 year, there have been 4 other similar cases across the contry. All murdered in the same way. Probably the same thief

No, it is too pre-mature to call these simple robberies. Judging from the data, for some reason, none of these couple seem to have any chidren.

Well, this couple didn't seem to have any children,neither.

don't you think there're too many factors in common here to make the assumption this is just a simple robbery.

well,sir, i was just going by the fact the money and goods were taken from all the victims home.

it was, all of it, totally a small of amount. Although, this would make sense we're not work with a single prepetrator.

Hold on,you're suggesting that there is more than one? 

two of homes in question are extremely strong locks and sophisticated alarm systems, but the prepetrator bypass them and was able to enter without any trouble.
Also, none of couple show any signs of struggle before they were killed,and neighbors did not hear single sound at the time of incident took place.

Don't you think these were orchestrated all too well for just one suspect?

yeah, maybe. do you konw this man?

no

Y[--], 32 years old, he' been rested twice for larceny, in the robbery, he is the one who get you through the front door, in other words, a "lock pick".

it truns out, he was spot near the area in 3 of those 4 double murder cases.

Then he is get to be the man, right?

or not. it is too early. 
well ,in any case ,your job in here is done, the BKA will take it from here.

oh,sure.

oh,well ,it didn't fly after all. Sorry about that, i never fly a kite in my life.
it was good , you almost did.

Well, doctor, do tell, how was your date last night?

oh,well, she seems like a nice girl.

come on, doctor Tenma, don't be coy, she is the daughter of the director. don't tell me you just have a dinner and send her home.

oh ,Actually ,there is a emergency call during the dinner, so i have to come back to hospital.
hold on ,you did what? you'd better re-think that all work and no play doctrize, you're going to lose a great cat and regret it someday,you hear me? hey,are you listening to the words i'm saying
hahaha,kite day.

Good morning, doctor, how are you ?

is this yours ,Karl?

my grandpa gave it to me, but it won't fly, i think it's broken.

Maybe the line needs to be adjusted.

oh,doctor, do you know how to fly a kite?

when i was a kid back in Japan,i used to do this a lot.

hold up there, are you ready?

how it like this?

well, boy. now ,here , we go 

wow...
it is flying.

all right

oh,man, fly as smooth as that,and i would have at least five lovers hell ,maybe even ten. seriously.

that's so awesome, doctor Tenma

keep better soon, Karl, so that next time ,you can fly yourself,ok?

Yeah
 