no, but we have the determined cause of death for the director and the other 2 doctors.
We have discovered traces of nitrate inside all 3 of bodys.

So there was a trace of nitrate, that's a muscle relaxant.

exactly,i see you're not a doctor for nothing.

how could something like that had happen?

it was candy.
candy?

it turns out the same candy wrapper was found beside each of the bodys

the same substance was also found in each of their stomaches.

tell me, would you have any idea of where they might to get this candy? or something else of that sort?

i wouldn't konw where they get from,if you don't mind me asking, how was the search for the twins' going.

the BKA is taking over jurisdiction on this particular case from the local authorities, please don't worry.
as it stands after investigating certain events. we all believe all this could be tied back to the monment of twins' parent were shot to death.

first, the parents defected from east Germany,and the murder soon after that,then staffs of the hospital where the children were treated were also murdered.
political terrorism may be a possibility.Those children might hold a major key to this whole mystery.
They need protection, please do your best to find them, inspector.
we certainly will.
Excuse us.

Interesting, the japanese doctor demoted by the director, and then his engaged director's daughter broken right before the incident.
but, the man was in the bar, drinking, at the time of crime was committed. it checks out.

en, mind if i ask you something? why do your hand move like that?

oh, this.., i was just typing.

Ah?

i'm inputting all the information on the harddrive of my head. and if i access the information, no ,i, i still have a long ways to go.

Doctor Tenma was actually quite modest about it when i commented on his well recognized talents earlier .
Em.
The police? what they think you 're the suspect?

there is enough evidence to implicate me. Nothing i can do about it.

i don't worried about it, they were persisting when they questioned me too.

Oh, god, i'm so exhausted. once this whole thing get settled, i think i'm going back to Japan.
I came to Germany to do research, but with everything that's happened, i sick again. what's important thing for a doctor is to save lives.

Come on.don't give all the press on me, now.

i'm just tired, so, so tired.

Mr Bookle, you are making a great progress.

Thank you so very much, doctor Tenma.i'm glad to hear it.do you think i will be able to work like i used to

Yes, of course.

good,because if i'm not there, we have no choice, but to close the shop

However, you must not do it, i will stop by your restaurant for a drink after you're released.and just to make sure you are not over working.

See, doctor Tenma.

Yes?

i heared you will leave this hospital, is it true,doctor?
en
don't quit, please don't quit.Good doctors like you are so hard to find,please stay, please don't say your quitting,please  


Mr Bookle

Doctor, the chairman is asking for you.Right now,he is in a meeting with the board discussing how to fill open positions.
Until now, most of these posts were held by mr Hiniman's followers, seem like they are going to make major changes.

for example, the rumor is doctor Egnor will be transferred to a small hospital in Bavaria.