Hello?

Sorry to bother you at this hour,we are here on a offical police business. Would you happen to be the doctor Tenma?

Can i help you?

Pardon my asking, but were you at home all last night?

what? no, i was out drinking util dawn. Why did you ask?

well, sir. [---] memorial hospital's director Hineman, cheif surgery doctor [---] and doctor Boyer, they are all dead.

no one, except the police, are allowed to enter the scene of crime.
but you interfere with the operation  of this hospital.

Press is not allowed inside.


we [---]let patients into this kind of chaos.

can you tell us,please, was it a accident or was it a murder?

Three people died at the same time. Of course,it was a murder.

Are you part of hospital's staff ? Tell us ,would you have to know anything about this incident...

out of my way,let me through.

hey, no one is allowed in.

I work here, i'm doctor Tenma.

come on,step back.

So, did you see anyone suspicious eraly tonight?

sorry,sir. but i don't think this is the time to be...

oh, doctor Tenma, doctor Tenma.. the director and the other...

Calm down, everyone. is the emergency room running  smoothly?

Actually, we swap the emergency case right now,doctor. 2 patients are waiting to be operated on.

All right,then, i will see what i can do .


Can you take care of the car accident victim with the brain contusion?

first, i will go and look over the x-rays. How about the other case?

the patient collapse with the stroke.

oh,doctor, i would like to ask you a couple of questitons.

I don't have time for this
I understand, but initial investigation is vital.Do you know anyone could possibly hold the grudge against the director and the others? 

the grudge?

you have successfully tie the loop with you own neck, Tenma.

did someone come to mind?

sorry
doctor, Tenma, we have problem. Those kids, the twins, the boy and the girl, they are gone, sir. we can't find them anywhere.

And is the little girl's bed empty as well, nurse?

i have alreay checked, but they are both, just gone.

what's going on, what the hell is going on?

In his mercy, he land hand to many who are ill and suffering, we will always remember his great complishments. Farewell, doctor Hineman.
May you rest in peace, Amen

father

Eve

Eve, i know it's difficult, but please, try to hold yourself

do not touch me,get me my father back, i want him back, i want him back

this whole funeral business is just too sad, doctor Tenma.

Yeah

up until now, she was fed with silver spoon as director's daughter. but now suddenly ,she was just another ordinary person
That's get to be a quiet a big shock.

how can you say that, right now?

sorry about that.

Doctor Tenma, i'm a inspector [Iyziba], the Nordheim Westfale  police department.

Thank you for your efforts.

This was such a tragedy.

yes, 

let me introduct you, Doctor Tenma

I'm inspector [Luke], i'm here for the BKA. I heared about your amazing abilities,doctor.

No, i still have a long way to go. 

Do you have any leads all to the children's where about?