today's surgery is a parasellar meningioma extirpation

we will proceed with the right [----] approach.

yes.

Everyone watch closely,the chief's surgery of himself is heading up this one.

Brilliant operation,just look at that, he's hardly retracted the brain at all.

he is truly a surgical genius.

Your residents should learn to treat the brain with such care

this is terrible. Ambulance, someone call a ambulance.

i didn't do it. this was not my fault, this guy ran into the street all the sudden out of nowhere.

is this the paient?

yes

now,where is he?

well, we tried, but thers is much we can do.

this man is a material wittness in the case.

it is important that we can get his testimony since it may help us solve a string of serial murders,doctor

we can't have him die on us.

but inspector, this paient is in a very critical condition. Really, there is nothing else we can do for him here.

however, there is a top-notch neuro-surgeon at Eisler Momeorial hospital, if he comes here, he might be able to do something.

neuro-surgeon? that would be doctor Tenma.

Thank you for coming all the way out here, doctor Tenma.

what's this condition right now?

he is conscious, but a little bit delirious. Also, one of his pupil is dilated.

It's been a while,hasn't it, doctor, Tenma?

oh, sorry, but do i know you from somewhere, sir?

it was 9 years ago. the director's funeral, remember?

oh,yes. you're from the BKA

inspector LongGai. Please to be sure to perform a successful operation for the sake of BKA.

the thing is, doctor, this paient has to survive, he holds the key to solve a very important case.

well, inspector, i don't operate for the sake of the police, i do it for the sake of the paient.

Fair enough, doctor.

now,if you excuse me, i have an operation.

I hear you become the chief of surgery. well now, doctor, you certainly become very successful.

Yes ,what about it?

nothing, at your age, it's quite a accomplishment. Aren't you next in line to become the director?

no, i still have a long way to go.

those murders years ago at Eisler Memorial hospital,due to a lack of evidence, that investigation has seen very little progress,
the only clue we found was the poison candy, this suggested there was a calculated act on the part of the killer. 
in that kind of crime, the killer always has something to gain from the victim's death.

what are you getting at, inspector?

nothing, fogive me. In my life of work, the mind doesn't stop, i'm always thinking like this. 

In any case,rest assured, of all the cases i've ever handled throghout my career, not one has gone or unsolved, no , not a single one.

well, i'm glad to hear it.

we will perform a craniotomy to remove the hematoma.
if we don't hurry, the brain hernia will worsen

After the Eisler Memorial hospital murders, no matter which way i looked at, one person had everything to gain from the incident.
and that is you, doctor Tenma.

Thank you again for going to all this trouble, driving all this way.

no, don't worry, how's the patient responding?

well, he is still conscious.but the right pupil does remain dilated, he is also got paralysis on the left side.

But he has already started to rehab, hasn't he?  the paralysis should go away, he is on the right track.

oh, listen, i think the police want to interrogate him as soon as possible, but that's out of question.

but, doctor, that detective, LongGai, is a very persistent man 

all right now, the patient's recovery is all i'm worried about

how are you feeling, Mr.Y? everything ok? so ,tell me, Mr.Y, are you able to recognize me ?

do you see this finger i'm holding upp? how about it ,can you talk to me today?

what's that?

i'm sorry, what did you say?

coming？Mr.Y, what's coming?

the monster is coming,the monster's coming....

the monster?




