how are you feelings, Mr.Yks. Everything ok?
so, tell me, Mr Yks, are you able to recognize me?
do you see this finger where i'm holding up ?
How about it? can you talk to me today?

what's that?

i'm sorry, what do you day?

coming, Mr.Yks, what's coming ?

the monster's coming,the monster's coming...

the monster?

(2:19)
Yks, i know you are able to speak. You've been identified at the scene of crimes of 4 murders, involving in mid-age couples in the past 2 year.

there is no point to deny it. what do you say? we speak, Mr Yks?

en. All right, ok. I can swear better tell you that we have already known you're a just "lock picker". your job is strictly undoing locks

you could never possibly slit their throats in one single slash with such cold-blood greeds, Yks. No, that wasn't your work.
now, that means you had to be other accomplices involved. and I'm thinking there would have to be at least 3 of you in order to do both, 
open a strong lock, and murder a mid-age couple without resistance , that sound about right?
we 're almost through compling a list of suspects who we've already known were skillful with knives. it is only a matter of time before we are able to narrow it down to one name.  
Whether you decide to cooperate with us or not.

However, i must confess that is not really what i want to ask you about.
what i'm really like to know, Mr Yks, is why 4 couples from accross Germany, and everyone of couple's mid-aged without children.
Money and items were stolen, but we know the amounts was too small to justify the murdering for [he minor] third of it.

all right, so tell me, Are you up for some negotiation? if you confess now, we dimiss all charges against you.
so, tell me who is the person who hired you to do this.

a...a...a...a....

Mr Yks, it's all right.it's all right. that's it, the interrogation is over right now.

i don't think so, we're almost there.

Get out of here, as a doctor, i'm ordering you.

very well, but i'll be coming back at a later time, and just make sure he isn't poisoned or doesn't disappeared i will assign a guard to watch him closely.

that shouldn't strike [-----], there always seems to be so much trouble happening all around you,doctor, Tenma.  

what exactly are you trying to say?

oh,nothing, really. Well then, we will keep in touch.

hold on ,where are you going?

just going out for a walk.

it's not supposed to leave the room without the permission.

patients need to get fresh air every so often. we're just going out to the garden. you're welcome with us if you like, officer. 

it's nice and warm here, today.

you're able to talk, aren't you?

it's afternoons like this one that make you happy to be alive, you know? 
if it weren't one for time like today, i don't think i'd be able to go on, especially, when you're here constantly seeing people having fight for the lives.
that's why it's easy for some doctors to think about their money, their research, or getting promoted.
i used to be one of those guys myself, i want to get promoted ,do my own research.
i was positived to being a successful neuro-surgery was the way to the top.
but i have to perform a surgery on a certain little boy, everything changed for me. 
it was the old twin siblings who had been shot in the head.
Saving his life reminded me of why i become a doctor in the first place.
it reminded me that all human life should be reguarded as equal, and doctor's job is to save those lives.

thank you.

people start over all the time, it is never too late, believe me.

doctor.
en...

you konw something. you and i are in a very close age. but you almost like a father to me.
doctor, you save my life and you've protect me. that's why almost feels you like my father.

well, it looks like i land myself one big kid.
doctor, it was one time when i was a little boy, i want this clock, you konw, i am sure you have seen those before.

that kind have little [Nutcracker] figure popping out of it in every hour, i was staring at it for a long time, 
pressing my face against that display window at the store every afternoon.
so i guess, there is no surprise, that was the first clock i ever picked up in my life, 
but i was caught in the act , i never get that clock
however, ever since that day, picking lock sort of became my job.

it all started because i want that stupid clock, all i wanted is that stupid clock. i just....

you just need to tell them everything, tell the police everything you know, and make a fresh start of it.

Ted, my friends were all killed.

who did it?

is this monster,the one you mentioned before?
