
do me a favor, don't screw it up this time. i went out of my way to set this one up for you.
you know, she is the daughter of the state legislator. she is beautiful and intelligent, all in one packages , in another words, perfection.
well ,we will see about that.

but you know what, [-----] you are right, it is time for me to find someone.
of course , i'm right. the thing is that someone in your position without a wife just seems like...hey

"i'm certain you've seen this before, that kind have a littel [----] figure poping out of it every hour"
this is it. excuse me, about the clock in the window.

hey...what's going on 
you're later for your date. what are you doing?

"people start over all the time,it's never too late, believe me"

officer, excuse me, officer,are you out there? 
hello,i'm ready to confess, but i'm prefer doctor Tenma would present.
where could he have gone?
hey, officer, i want to ...

oh, listen, i know it's late, but can i go to see one of my patients?
yes, of course, but doctor Tenma. what's it you have there. 
I found something special

what's the matter, are you all right？
he is dead.
Candy?
Mr Yks...
Mr Yks...

it's the same as last time. poisoned candy? my patients disappeared, just like 9 years ago.

Mr Yks...
Mr Yks...,it's me , doctor Tenma
Doctor, stay away, doctor.

let's go back to hospital, Mr Yks, everything will be all right.

don't, doctor, don't come any closer.

i'm beg you, don't look at him.
at who?
he's the one who killed my friends. And he'll kill you too.

who are you?

oh, god ,just run, run away, please.

it's been a long time, doctor. it's me, 9 years ago, you saved my life.
9 years ago?

have you forgotten already, doctor, about the twins?

Youhan?

Youhan?

that's right, that twin, you remember.

run,doctor, look his face, he will kill you.

what do you think you are doing here? Mr Yks is my patient, let him go.

what am i doing?

an execution.

don't do it

doctor, run, he killed my friends , run as you can, just get out of here.

we were hired by him, he call us each time, a large of amount will be wired to our accounts after each job, that way it seems we take the money and split it, he had it all figure it out.

i can't be. So the murders of those 4 mid-age couples was hurt by..., it was you?

the police start to inspecting me and following me, so he want to get rid of us. Listen to me ,the other 2 friends [----], have already been killed 

for sake to me, just before i die we heard... oh ,my God, we have been hired by a monster.

he doesn't even boring to kill someone, it means nothing to him, run ,doctor. he will kill you where you stand, just run.

you talk too much, Yks.

no, Youhan, don't do this.

Mr Yks doesn't know your identity, but i do. I was your attenting position.

you are Youhan Libert ,the older fraternal twins, you're the son of Micale Libert, former adviser of Commerce, who fled east Germany in 1986, as a political refugee to the West.
if we know this much about you, you can not possibly escape. Don't act on your crime, YouHan.

Youhan, ha... Yes, there was a time when i went by that name. But you know something, doctor, Youhan is not my real name. 

what, what are you talking about?

you must never know about my past, not about those 4 couples, not the Liberts. But you're different, doctor. you cared for me, and you restart me to life.
So i feel you're still like a father to me.

like a father?

the truth is if it weren't for you. i wouldn't be standing here right now.  

stop it, you can not just go around killing.

Why not?

why not? because A human life is precious, don't you see that? 
Rescuing you opened my eyes, i was able to go back to being a doctor i should have always been. 
Saving your life make me realise that the way of each life is equal, no one is  better than anyone else.
That's why no one has the right to take the other person's life. 
As a doctor, i lived by those belief for the last 9 years, because of you

what are you laughing at?

doctor, i heard you were promoted to be the chief of surgery soon after that incident

i'm really happy, doctor, that you're promoted to that position.

what are you trying to tell me?

you're where you are today, because the director and the others die, right? i'm so glad that i was able to help, that was a good thing.

did you, my god...

Isn't that what you wanted, doctor? that's what you said, anyway. Right after i regained consciousness, that's what you told me. 
that you hate them so much, you wish they were dead.

I'm not wrong, he is. Bastard,Bastard,Bastard, He'd better off dead.

all that i did was grant your wish, doctor.

save me, doctor. i don't want to die， i don't want to die

i was supposed to die that night. You're the one who resurrect me, doctor.

what a miserable downpour, i just [spy---] the wet weather. all it does is washing away the crime scene's evidence when you need the most.
Well, wouldn't you agree, doctor Tenma?

All right, to summarize what you told me so far, just to make sure that we piece them altogether.
Back in 1986,Libert, the high government officer escaped from east Germany with his wife and 2 children, 
right after they arrived, Libert family was attacked, the couple was killed 
and the twin brother suffered a critical gun shot wounded in the head. 
You were the surgeon in charge of the operation. And sub-sequently , saved the boy's life.

but everyone surprised as fate would have it, the boy kills the director, the chief of surgery and the header of neurosurgery with the poisoned candy and then disappears.
Last night, after 9 long years, out of the clear blue, the Libert boy, re-appears and kills a state police officer with poisoned candy yet again,
and right in front of your eyes, he shots [Yks], your patient. 
He is none other than the very man that hired Yks and 2 others to muder the 4 mid-age couples accross the Germany.
And his name is YouHan, Libert.
I believe that is the entire story, isn't it?

yes.sir

i think we're finished with the doctor, he can go.

i don't think that someone with doctor Tenma's credential ,so are in his position, could be responsible for such a crime.
he has the alibi for the time the policeman was killed, and we didn't find any gun-powder residue on his hands.
so much for key evidence, there are go all of our leads to solving those murders of 4 middle aged couples.
Inspector, LongGai,should we get started on this Youhan,Libert for the time being?  

[sound of crying....]