chances are you may not have to, this is an italian restarant in a small town
2 tables of folks is as busy as it gets

Ana, come and stand over here
sure

i will place all your orders on the bar, and you will take them from here to the customer tables.
all used plates go on that outside of the counter, the wine is right here and the glass-ware is back here
you find more bottles of wine above the shelf, and you can hang food orders on these little hooks

so more wine's above the shelf, and glassware is back there

this is for water.

got it.

morning, winson.

so how are you today?

good morning, and welcome.

i'm starving.

en....

nice to meet you, sir
my name is Ana

it is not possible, i must still be dreaming.

noway, someone is pretty as you, could be a waitress in a place like this

a?

well, you are wake, and my place is classic than you thought
introducing Ana, our new waitress, she will be severing here from now on.

like i said, please to meet you.

you really mean it? oh....

hey, Ana, how about a nice plate of carbonara?

hey, Ana, think all have a boiled-eggs

Ana, dear, could you please give me some more water, when you have a chance?

right away.

order up. one [----], and one carbonara

come and right up

alright, here you go, sir.

you are a gem on it.

[----] and rigatoni, and table 3 fettuccine orders up

ok

hey, winson. come on, you have got to tell us how you tricked this cute work here for you

i didn't tricked her, it is just my charming self

hi, Ana, if you are free, how about let me take you to a real restarant
come on, it will be fun

hold on, just forget about trying to make time with my Ana
i hate i've to hit you 

oh, boy, listen to the cry baby winson, everybody, suddenly acting tough

hey, wait, you get to know this, last week, he was in my house, watching a TV moive, following like a baby.

hey...

another order [----] Risotto

a, summer timing is playing across the street

a?

that old moive house is screening summer time. you see there?

what a city!
FrankFurt has so many great old movie theaters.
that movie was on TV just last week
that one really brings me to tears
have you ever seen Summer Time?

en,en

it's touching
the whole thing takes place in Intaly, actually in the city of Venice
floks do not know the history of Venice.
it was a poor city back in the devil-days, everyone called it the city of Water.

the entire city of Venice was originally built on a lagoon
There are these canals that run through the whole thing