i really like to see it with you someday, just beautiful

it sounds to me like you've been to there before.

i have. the film sound dragon is great music, because it is well composed
i bet you've heard the same song.

i see most folks heard it
it is a popular, very well known song.

tell me, how's it go?

let see....

oh, i know, let's go across the street, see it right now.
we miss some, but they will still let us in 

oh, it just, well, i...

some other time. it is kind of late, and you are still eating

sorry.

well, i'm back

great. how was your break?

oh, can i [----] that for you

no, thanks, i can handle it.

i appreciate that you let me take a few hours form work every afternoon

that's no problem
it's always slow around at this time of the day
Ana, i want't to be an [----].
but, where did you go everyday.
hey, forget i ask, it's your private time
it's not my business of where you go.

i've been learning how to shot a gun.

oh, learning to shoot.

that's right, at Mr Verkis firing range.
you learn at Verkis' place
he is a good people.

tell me, Mr Wison, have you ever shot a gun before?

me? shooting guns? no way
honestly, i get all nervous just looking at them.

here you go, sir, enjoy.

thank you very much

en, hahahah...

oh...
how do i do this time, take a taste.

no, you should try it.

oh..

tell me, what's the taste like?

en, like there has garlic, olive [---], and not much else.

so, the falvors of the other things you put in there, are gone, right?

en..

that just make you learn how to make a proper.

ha, this cooking is tough stuff.

anything worth learning takes practice.

i have alreay done with the bathroom, Mr wison.
i'm heading for [--],so...

when i was young, i never realise that the movies like this existed.

Mr Wison, movies are always effect your deeping

that's true, when i was young, i always want to watch movies
but when i was at work, i never have time to
bad thing, i eat a lot of [f----] meal.
but to be honest, i never feel any of them have tasted falvor.
i didn't even appreciate the taste of sugar then

really, is that the truth?

you know my past.
isn't that right, Anna?

well, i have to let [---] upon you. and i know what happened.

you really are Lina Fortel, and you disappeared 2 years ago.
your parents are murdered
exactly what when you look for me to to
when you look for me to do a head, or did you want me to teach you to kill.

i guess i want to learn from you, i was ...

so how did you find out all about me and what i did?

from one of my professors in law school., 
he did rearches on you and all cases you involved in.
the [--] case, the [---] case, the sub--[--] murder case.

you're called to court to testify all 3 these murder cases,
and each of cases are charged [----] due to complete lack of evidence
however, my professor came up with a theory about that.
it make sense there was only one conclusion.
a world classic hitman commited all 3 of murders, and he said, you're that man.

i suppose you want to know, how many people i killed.
to be honest with you, i can't even remember 
i was never a good kid, before i knew what i was what, i was in way of my head
robbery, blackmail, if you can name them, then i did it.
and eventually, i became a hitman.
i reward myself by eating very well.