i don't know what you are talking about,i wouldn't be able to come up with [fanny ] stuff like that,
even if i stood on my head.

then, who was it?

i only give my email address to friends, and no one else.

beats me, damn it. what this means? is some suave poetry guys honing in on my girl?

who then? who could be?

this was the bizarre murder that took place in Munich, after shooting the parents to death, 
the perpetrators strangled their 2 children with a rope.
[----],really?
no, i would like you to explain the verdict, using the records from all of the hearings.

Lina,Fortel.

what? do you not understand the question?

no, well, the trial was focused mainly on the cold blooded murder of an entire family.

the evidence...

oh, sound not even Lina has all the answers.

Lina, what's wrong,Lina?

are you all right? you wanna to see the nurse?

i'm all right, i just feel a little illness, that's all. i was just listening to the professor, and i.... 

you mean that question about the murder family?

don't say that.

is that it? i thought you were roughly brave, i guress you're pretty sensitive, too.

did you watch a horror moive that totally scared you when you were kid or something?

i know exactly what that counselor, doctor [---], would say. 

if you get back to the root of it, i think there you find, you were nothing significant, now ,go back to your childhood, am i right?

that's it. i have no memories.

i remember nothing before the age of 10.

where are my memories, my childhood memories.

yes, those 2 were did very nice couple.
to think that they died in such a way.

a? children? oh, now that you mention it, oh, yes, there was a son , his name was Michael, i do believe. he was there for a year or 2

let say, a boy?

do you remember there was a boy?
yes, there was. wasn't his name, Michael? he was  14 ,give or take.

Michael, you say? i think i remember it . but ,why? who are you, the police?

yes, Michael,[---man], i remember him .vaguely, but he wasn't the student of my classroom, 
but he didn't leave much of an impression,
i'm embarrassed to say, but, honestly ,i don't remember him very well. 
i'm not sure if he had any friends. You see ,there is no records left from then.

everything were up on the fire about 6 years ago, now.