Now ,class, i want you to tell me what was the basis for the ruling the judge made in regards to the 1968 [-----] case.

oh, boy. what is this silence! where are we? some kind of a monastery?
Mr [---], i would like to hear your answer if you have one.

well, sir. that is to say, en....

anyone, is there anyone in this room who can break this silence?

so the chronic late-comer is here at last, 
you're 30m tardy, seems your part time pizza delivery job keep you only busy today.

i'm sorry, professor [---]  
well, let me ask you a question before you sit down.
do you have enough strength left to tell me the basis for the ruling in the 1968 [----] case.

oh, yes. well, the defense claim that the kidnapping was a sham, and the victim's death had been due to the poisoning,
after the investigation into the crime scene, it was found the victim's death have been accidental, and there was no motive.
so since the crime couldn't be proven to be the intentional murder, i believe a sentence of 15 years was handed down. 

en, very good, you can take your seat, Lina [---].

Yes, professor.

(3:20)
well, good job, Lina. if no one had been able to give the answer, i have no doubt that [---] would probaly demand we write a 50 pages report

50 pages, if we are not

i have to treat our savor Lina this something to eat. what do you say, Lina. nice meal ,just 2 of us?
I'm sorry, Peter. but I have a club meeting today.

bye.

she turns you down again, Peter. how many times was it?

come on ,shut up. As if one of you losers could actually escort a date with her?

oh, my gosh, if i'm late with my deliveries,the manager could be furious.

hi,i'm home. i'm hungry. 

the neighbors could probaly hear you, you are such a children.
Go and wash your hands, dear.

Yes, mam

hi,mom, you dyed your hair.
what do you think?

at your age, i don't think you should dye your hair with such a bright color.

i don't agree with you, dad. i think mom looks great.

looks like she is going to some custume parade

it's nice to know mom is still young. right?

hi,dad.

oh, that reminds me, speaking of custumes, i saw some pupils dressed up from head to toe today

oh, yes, today is both to be the same Hadrian Custume Parade.

oh, i wish i had dressed up like that when i was a little girl. they are so adorable.

oh, yes, you did dress up in a custume once, isn't that right, dear?

that's right, i can't believe i've forgotten

let's see. it is around here.

oh, look here it is, you are so cute.

yes, i did.

you were so excited to make a such fuss, isn't that right, dear?

yeah, i remember.

A custume parade?

Distance Spring, i forlornly wait for a srping that will never come.
Hanla

weill,Hanla, you have get over your break up already?

I should send you the most beautiful flowers. i was born to smother you with flowers.

that's so beautiful.

oh, wow, i wonder who send this.

hahha, i'm very impressed with you, Peter.

So, how have you been, Lina?

well, i have been very well lately, doctor [----].

that's good to hear. but of course, 
i could tell just by your look on your face, when you come into this session, that you're doing well.

so, tell me ,are you still having that nightmare?
the one about the monster, emerging from the darkness?

no, i've been sleeping very well, i've been so busy, i don't have time to dream.

i wonder why i was played by such a dream night after night.

it's common for student to feel fear and anxiety. Expectations of the future, mix up with other insecurities,
people end up confuse, losing sight of who they are.
but who you are is something you can spend your whole life trying to grasp, but never figure out completely.

we are always projecting and trying to look into the future. 
we spend our whole life looking for the answers and we do the best that we can 

yes, that's right. that's what i am doing.
i want to be a federal prosecutor

that's very good. 
All right, i think that brings  us to the end of our session.

bye, thank you doctor.

Lina,[---], such a cheerful girl, but i can't help thinking that she is over-compensating or running for something, 
something overwhelming dark.

Ah? what do you mean what?

don't act so innocent.

what the world you are going on about.

i was born to smother you with flowers.

i wolud never guess in a million years, you're such a talent for writing a poetry