There definitely was a boy, name Michael, living here and [---] until 6 years ago.
And Michael's real name is...

Youhan, ha, yes, there was a time when was named by that name

who are you? what is the matter...
what's the use? he is a serial killer, the older of twin siblings. that is all there is to it, nothing else.

what am i doing?

twins, his sister. where did his twin sister go?

"i will pick you up very soon." who is this? he will pick me up very soon?but, but what does that mean?

a child, a boy, oh, yes, there was a boy about7 or 8 years ago.
so , Mr and Mrs [--] had taken a boy in before they were killed. 
and what was he like?

what was he like? that was quite a long time ago, and i think he only really lived with them for about a year or so
i honestly don't remember anything about them.
 
wait, do you remember this boy had a sister?

no, only the boy. listen, i just want to forget about what happen to that poor couple. 
after all, those horrible things happened, i almost moved away. 

i remember that boy very well. why don't you come up? I was about to have some tea.

come in, have a seat.

yes, thank you. 

i was wondering...

just have a seat.

go ahead, have some tea.

thank you, sir.

you are a doctor, right? that boy was the one who told me. you are doctor Tenma.

he is coming to pick you up?

who is he?

i have no idea who he is. it was just an anonymous email.

you look so happy. you're not thinking this is Prince Charming on a white charger or a Knight in a shining armor coming for you,are you?

why are you jealous?

there you go, Lina, Day dream again.

it said, i was born to smother you with flowers.

come on, that's so corny, how many boys do you know who write like that?

hold on, wait, there is a new guy in our class. you know who i'm talking about?

oh, i have seen him.

he is the guy who sits quietly in that legendary seating room 12 where you're bound to be called by the instructor.

but strange enough, he's never be called on.

that's right, anyone wants to know else?
he is always staring at Lina at entire class

he is the one.

what do you mean?

come on, you know.

Prince Charming, who else?

All i know is that boy was extremely grateful to you, yes, doctor Tenma. 
he told me more than once because you saved his life, you mean more to him than  his parents

what name did he go by then?

France,  but he did tell me that was not his real name

if he open up enough to tell you that much, it means he must have really trusted you.

he just showed up one day out of nowhere really, Mr and Mrs Heinen who lived accross the Hall took him in,
he lived with them about a year.

no, actually it was,it was a 14 months ,to be precise, form March,1997 to April, 1998.
it ended one day , out of blue, he suddenly vanished

he really was very [----] , that boy, he was very...

did he visited you in your department very often?

yes, he did. i lived alone, so i always welcome him to company

he sat in that chair, and would spend most of his time studying.

he was able to master the English and French that i taught him in no time.
but the time he disappeared, he was completely fluent in both languages

he was only 12 years old

can you tell me there is anything else you remember about him, anything.

he was always interested in listening to my stories.
and what kind of stories do you think he liked the best, go on, take a wild guess
i...

he liked my war stories.

war stories?

During ww2, I was on the crew of a U-boat, the boy's favourite story was about the time we were attacked by a destoryer of the allied forces.
we were at the depth of 120m, that's when we were attacked by the enemy. 
we had suffered a mortal blow, but we just kept going, we all waited in tearing inside that creaking boat enduring hour after hour.

we have to endure that hell for a day and a half.
any oridinary child would probably look this as anther adventure story, but that boy was different.
what he was most interested in was my description of ultimate fear.
yes, ultimate fear, evey action of people on the edge of death fascinated him.
that's all he's interested in, he toyed with fear

so what, what was the expression on his face as he listened

he probably had a gleam in his eyes and a smile, i imagined.
Imagine?

well i can't see, doctor Tenma. should know, i don't know the boy's real name, nor obviously do i have any idea of what he looks like for that matter. 

ealier, you suggested the boy trusted me, because he told me France was not his real name.
I can assure you that he doesn't trust anyone. there is only one person that the boy trust in his life, and that's his sister.

Please, i need your help, i'm looking for that sister.

he said he will go and get her when she turns 20.

where's she?

In Heidelberg.

See you later.

be careful on you scooter,honey.

I will, bye, see you later, dady.

bye, and drive safe, ok?

see you later.

the time's come ,hasn't it?

i know.

we made an agreement, he said we tell her on her 20's birthday.
but, she is an entire real daughter.

hold on a second, i'm not sure i can do this.

what are you talking about, you want to meet him.

we told him you wait for him here, it's better you didn't know.

don't mess it up, you're about to meet Prince Charming.

wait,Claire, [---].

How could they do this behind my back?

oh, it's him. here we go.

hey, how do you do? you are Lina Fortel, right?

yes.

oh, good. my name's [---].

oh, hello.

who are you? i have seen this face somewhere before.

who are you? who are you?

Lina,Lina..
what's wrong? wake up, come on, Lina, what happened?
are you ok, Lina?