looks like another scorcher today.
hey, why are you bundled up on a hot summer day like this?
aren't you broiling?

you read a old paper, that one is at least 3 years old.
yeah, couple of Vert got themselves killed, they said a doctor did it.
did you can believe that?

hey, buddy, you said you're headed for Vert, wasn't that right?
you know somebody over there?

yeah, i do. i'm not even sure if he is still be there now.

i have to try and find him.

2:09

Formerly served in the French foreign legion, then went freelance and fought in Nicaragua in [---] in 1979
from 1981 to 1984, they assisted the guerrilla rebels in   Afghanistan.
then in 1987, you palyed a key role in assassination of radical islamic leaders in a top secrect mossad operation.
it's quite an impressed resume, i must admit, isn't it, Mr.[---]?

i have no doubt that a mercenary of your caliber must be quite a teacher,
and i'm sure a number of distinguish men must have been under your instruction

it might be a good idea to send some of our own officers to attend your seminar and have you whip them into shape.

yeah, that would be great.

incidently, was this man here a good student by any chance?

i believe he showed in your training program about 5 months ago.
we know that he is a genius with a scalpel
what i'm wondering about is whether he has a talent with a gun  

i don't devote informations about my peoples to anyone, period.

of course, you don't.

so, have you ever trained with a gun before?

no

i guess that means you're self taught then.

actually, i have never shot a gun before.

en, what? you mean not even once?

right. i know i'm asking for an improssible.
they said, you're my only hope, right now.

it makes no difference, i make all my students forget everything they learned before they got here.
but this, this's the first time i'll be teaching someone who never shot a gun before.

jump rope, regardless of your experience or lack up, this is where everyone starts. jump like the child over there.

don't just stand there, well get started.

yes, sir.

fast now, hurry up
i said "fast"

balance, it is all about balance.

come on, fast
 
i said "fast“

well, obviously, i can't jump rope nearly as well as you do

tell me something, is this what you do? you know, always supervise student training like this.

all right, i understand.
you don't have to keep on staring me like that, i will do it
i know what i have to do.

hey, it's a [bradley], i wonder if it is looking for food for its chicks.

what's wrong, you're too tired to eat?

yes,

you can't train if you pass out.

yes, sir.

she is your daughter or grand-daughter maybe?

neither

the little girl is the daughter of woman i killed,
shot it down right before our very eyes, back in [Mian Mar]
on mission in the jungle, i ran into hut for a shelter
and there she was with her mother.

her mother was holding a gun, 
if i had been a fraction of a second slower, would have been me that died that day.

i broght the child back here with me.
couldn't just leave her.

From that moment on, she hasn't smile once.
that's why, she would probably hate me for the rest of her life.
that's the sort of thing would happen when you have a gun.
and if you can't handle it, i suggest you don't carry one.